I think there should be tax breaks for physicians who find actual cures for low income patients with health problems. For example if a physician can get a diabetes 2 patient off of meds (although it is not curable) to where the patient has been educated and has their disease under control or managed- government should give physicians tax breaks on this because it would cost government less to pay for a low income persons meds.
I don't believe much money should be spent on those with mental disabilities. Although research is good and maybe we can find ways to prevent peoples mental conditions, how much help are we really to those people and how much are they a help to society? I think if government and tax payers are going to spend money they should spend money on people who will be of some profit to society. 
Child Protective Services shoukld be monitroed more closely because they always seem to force feed kids with pharmaceuticals such as antidepressants. I can only imagine how much money is spent trying to cure a kids negative experiences through drugs that never solve the problem. CPS' budget for meds should be cut so they can find better solutions that cost less.
I think you should decide if you want health insurance. Thats an extra expense that is ridiculous and doesnt help us at all when we are alreadys truggling to pay bills in a hurting economy. Natural Selection- Not everybody is meant to survive.
If you dont have insurance a ride to the hospital in an ambulance is $1000 thats ridiculous. It doesnt seem logical that a ride to a local hospital is wortht that much. Ambulances, emts, firefighters, are funded by city taxpayers. A drive to the hospital does not inconvenience the city or cost enough in gas for that.
Government should give taxbreaks to insurance companies that are willing to cover costs of chiropractic care and other modes of medicine/health .
free emergency healthcare should not be made available to patients 85 and older
If you think about it... why waste money on people that are really close to death.
What if government were to take a big part of the budget towards healthcare and apply it to promoting/helping organic agricultural busniess. The biggest problem in americais due to what we are eating. We're not diseased because our conditions are bad, but because our food is not whole.
Preventative care should be the main focus of healthcare.  It is easier to prevent someone from contracting a disease than to try to cure one.
I think that pharmaceutical companies should allow more drugs that can cure diseases to go under clinical trials than worrying about the fact that cures do not make money.
Physical education should also be improved because lack of funding towards it is another reason why people are contracting things such as high blood pressure and diabetes at younger ages.
Healthcare should also be focused on helping everyone and not just the vast majority.  Not all medications work for everyone.
Healthcare should be focused more on it's own country more than on others.  Charity starts at home.
Vaccinations should be more readily available to the public.
Healthcare should be more focused on the young.
Healthcare research should focus more on artificial transplants.  This would significantly decrease our need for organ donors.
Emergency response time should be equal in all neighborhoods and not just the ones that are affluent.
The age to enter into medicare should be increased due the fact that people are living longer.  The average lifespan for a human is no longer 72 but 83.  Also this will stop companies from dropping their employees from group coverage as soon.
The government should increase the requirements to pass physical education classes instead of allowing children to become so doughy.  I don't think providing a rope or a jungle gym is that expensive.
A basic health insurance should be mandatory for every citizen. Every citizen should have the right to be checked by a doctor and to get help when he or she needs it. The heritage and the financial income can not be problems to get a health insurance for every citizen.
Healthcare should be focused on everybody. There should not be a specific age boarder. Everybody is created equal so everybody deserves equal healthcare.
The healthcare system should look how healthcare systems in other countries working. In Germany is a health insurance mandatory and this is right. Life is not predictable and every day something bad can happen to everybody. Because of this, the U.S needs a mandatory health insurance. This insurance should cover everyday problems like sports injuries or financial support for people with eyes disabilities. For people who want to be covered better is still the opportunity to pay more and get more.
Every person has the same rights. Everybody deserves perfect healthcare until his last heartbeat.
The society should get more informed of current sicknesses in their districts.
We are living in the time period of globalization. Today, nobody can really say what home is. If the number of sick people is going to be decreased then there also going to be advantages in the U.S. The society should create a global healthcare network on all continents.
A global healthcare network should be established to help for example foreigners during vacation in other countries. In addition, all healthcare documents on earth should be written in the same language and should be in the same form.
There is no bias in repsonse times, it depends on the circumstance, if you live 30 miles from a hospital and or fire station, it will take longer to receive medical attention than if you lived just 5 miles away.
I agree. if I agree. i work at a health club and insurance companies actually cover the membership costs for their members. There are age requirements for these types of programs. If the Government can give better tax breaks to these insurance companies, it could help with directing the spending towards getting our youth into health clubs and a more active lifestyle.
But this is a fallacy, that everything in the world, if equal, would work best. But as history has shown, when something grows to large and can no longer be controlled, it always collapses in on itself. Why decrease our healthcare benefits which have been worked for and earned by my forefathers, and give them to someone else who maybe has not earned them, or due to circumstance and bad luck has never received them. I look out my family and nation before any other, and taking away some benefits from myself and my family and giving them to others who have no right to them is just wrong, at least without my consent.
I couldn't agree more but the root of the problem to this whole discussion is money. its not possible to get everyone the perfect healthcare plan.
We already have a system put in place called Medicaid, in which those who cannot afford services can receive them, on the taxpayer dollar. Why do we have to instead effect the privatized system? Those who receive medicaid do so off of the taxpayer, typically putting nothing in return back in, and costing taxpayers millions. Why effect directly those who can afford their own insurance? Giving equality to patients in deciding which doctors to see, this being Socialist! Also punishing doctors who take payment privately. If i have more money, and work harder, or maybe even am a little luckier, I should see whichever doctor I can afford. If I do not make enough to see that doctor, then I have to tough up and see the next one, and so on until I can afford one. This is how the world works, you get what you pay for. So everyone who cannot afford a nice car should be given a nice new Mercedes? Why? Where does the discussion end where freebies start and where they end? Keep the medical practice private, and keep the government out, they can only make things worse.
The Healthcare industry should start focusing more on the younger generation because of the increasing stat in childhood obesity. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the United States.
This is very true. companies and the government make it more expensive to eat healthy
This should be put in the same pot as social security, and if paid for by these individuals over the span of their life, that will in the future cover their cost. Why should they be turned down if others, some not even legal in this country can receive it? This is asinine, our seniors who have paid in and worked hard, lose it all and have it given to people who have never worked a day in their life? Reform programs such as welfare and food stamps, then we can have more money to work with and begin talks on matter such as healthcare reform
Maybe, English seems to be the universal language for many things such as business, why not healthcare. The only issue that may arise with a universale system is that I would take a strong effort by all nations taking part, and if it goes the way of the E.U., then could crumble down like domino's if one decides to drop, same matter as the current Euro Crisis
Why is it so expensive just to get referred to another doctor? If someone is taken to the emergency room and cant be treated, they are referred somewhere else. That referral can be done before arriving. instead you pay a minimum of 1,000 dollars, and half of the time insurance companies do not want to pay their end.
so such as with the elderly, we should cut their benefits since they are deemed no longer useful to society? Or i guess we can have elected death panels with can decide what is or is not necessary. Only leading back to a socialist approach. These should also receive the first attention next to small children.
I understand, and see this as an issue which needs to be resolved
i know their are some benefits that healthcare companies offer if you live a healthy lifestyle. i think maybe our health insurance providers could offer some more incentives to a healthy lifestyle. maybe cheaper premiums and different kind of rewards.
Termination of other social assistance programs to fund a help care plan for those who are lower income?
I can say what home is... I live here in Arlington. I've lived in Dallas my whole life. I have a good understanding of where home is for me. I know several other people who would say the same.
Yeah unfortunately the biggest preventive STEP that we could take is in our food. There are so many loopholes in regulations though that we are still eating poison.
Yes, these ideals should always be based on what is just. It wouldnt be right if I were a kid from a hardworking yet still living paycheck to paycheck family seeing our food being taken out of our fridge and put into another family's fridge just because they make less money- The Hardworking get punished. I've lived in my truck in the past barely making enough money to survive and living without health insurance. To many people that sounds like a risk but that's the card we have been dealt and you have to learn to live within your means.
I honestly believe there is no good answer to this healthcare problem. The way this looks is, no matter what someone has to pay the price for someone else to be healthy or not sick. There doesn't seem to be a good solution.
Maybe the government should look into a way of funding eastern type medicines. There are so many stories of people being healed by going that route.
There are plenty of non affluent neighborhoods with hospitals right up the street that have long emergency response times.  I have lost a friend because of it.
That would be nice, but unfortunately there is no money cures.
Healthcare should do a better job at foreign health screenings, there are diseases and parasites that used to be extinct in this country that have come back with full force.  For example, tuberculosis was essentially wiped out but has some how become a threat in the U.S. again.
Healthcare is nearly impossible to maintain with the high number of individuals in the world today.
I agree, i too know what home is. A global healthcare system at this time will never work. Our own nation is having a hard time with keeping the post office open, let alone a new healthcare system which has already been passed. Programs such as the UN fail left and right, showing no new signs of progress in making strides in fields such as medicine. In helping these nations the west is falling, the west being the backbone to all of this. If the west falls, everything falls.
I concur, screenings for anyone who is coming into our nation from foreign zones, or places which do not have the same standards of healthcare as our own. This may seem unfair, but we cannot have our own get sick and die because someone was mad that they had to go through additional screenings before entering. Coming over into the US is not a right, but a privilege unless you are a US citizen. We owe nothing to anyone else, and likewise for others owing anything to us.
Less government short of Anarchy is what our goal should be here. Understandably there should be standards set, education of physicians and medical personnel, medications, so on and so forth. But to the point in which the government wants to compete, and directly effect the healthcare system? This is where it has gone to far. Forcing every American to buy insurance, lying by saying that the penalties of not doing so is a tax. You can read the health care plan after it is passed???? This is terrifying, that the average American will stand for this, and reelect the same individuals responsible, and their excuse, " Well at least they are trying". 40% of americans are on some form of government assistance, and the president keeps saying that things are getting better, and more and more americans are out of work, many illegals receive free healthcare, while not paying taxes. Many americans receive benefits while sitting on their -----, and not contributing in their lifetimes while everyone else has to. As said by a famous scholar, every democracy will die, once its people realize that they can elect themselves benefits, or as we may know it "freebees". There should be no discussion past regulations.
Mental disabilities are one of the biggest problems in our society. This is also a reason why in Europe are not that much killed people by weapons as in the USA because everytime when in Europe is somebody depressed he goes to the psychologists who takes care of him. This appointment is payed at least until a certain boarder by the health insurence. Here in the US this does not exist because the health insurence is not mandatory for every citizen and when here somebody is depressed he or she is just freaking out and lives his or her worst fantasies
you never know what can happen and every person who is on this earth deserves help. Also every kind of this people can develop the medicine by trying new things when the patient agrees
The euro crisis is something completely different. This is a financial politcal part where Greece cheated and destroyed everthing with the corruption.
The reason why we're in such a bind with our healthcare is because we're a take now think later society. we're spending billions of dollars on research and the use of pharmaceutical drugs. people turn to these drugs because its easy.
Another big problem is foreigners that are benefiting from free health care that American citizens are paying for. i understand they want to come here for a better life but we have to come up with some plan that forces them to contribute. too many people are looking for handouts now a days or expect someone to help bail them out of their situation
Healthcare should be treated like buying a car. you may want a 2013 Camaro but don't have the down payment or the credit score. a car dealership isn't going to give you a handout. You have to settle for something less or what you can afford or account for.
the only thing with that is, more money would have to come out of our pockets
why should we buy into this new healthcare system if congress is not? Obama was asked the question "will you and your family adopt this new healthcare plan"? He danced around the question and did not answer. Other members of congress were asked the same question and they said they will "think about it"
This will always be a problem. also Europe has cameras on almost every street corner. That is why crime and violent acts are so uncommon. I personally think that our country should really consider doing the same. Going back to health Insurance. If we dedicate more time to research on new and improved drugs for people with "mental illness", we're taking away time and money away from the leading cause of death here in the U.S., which is cardiovascular disease. This disease is one of the main reasons why our healthcare has become such a problem.
Yes but it is to big of a cost to try and help everyone. Natural selection should be considered here. We cant save everyone, especially when those being saved will not have a high quality of life if kept alive.
Thinking with your heart - won't get you anywhere in business as so with coming up with a financially responsible healthcare plan that is just.
You're right... I have a bad knee and bad shoulder but I can't afford to go to a doctor. But the last thing I want is to get a hand out. This health care stuff sucks... theres no solution
We are not living in the time of Charles Darwin anymore. It is not about who can be saved who not but it is about that every body is created equal. If we would set a boarder where we would not help anymore people with big health problems, a big corruption crisis would occur.
What if for people to get the health care they wanted but could not afford it they had to pay by community service for a government job. This would allow the govt to cut back on jobs which means less salaries to pay but then allows patients to get better care. Of course this sounds simplistic but the jobs could accomModate based on disability or whatever and is open to any kind of adjustment. At the end of the day spending has to be cut somewhere in order to provide more affordable healthcare or debt ceiling is just raised and the dollar crashes faster.  
This is the point we can not be afraid of people or work that people do who actually want to help us. If this opinion would occur at more and more people we would live in a sick society and the doctors would become unemployed.
Health insurences should be available for everybody and cover every health disability except body/beauty makeovers.
This showed the hypocrisy of our current system, do as I say not as i do. This double standard is wrong, that certain individuals because of status can opt out of a mandatory program, while others are forced to stay in, or are fined for not doing so. Why not make everyone participate, it is only fair. 
they are to an extent, but I agree, a separate government program should be in place to take care of such matters. Like welfare for example, it is there for those who need it to use, but is optional, this is the system we should have in place, and we do, Medicaid and Medicare.
Making the playing field level then, don't give one person an advantage that you would not give another. We have health issues here that must be taken care of, and until then, we need to stay focused and help our own.
But who should stripe me of this thought, and on what grounds? I feel that a group of people who have paid in, and are our elders, they need to be taken care of, not thrown by the wayside. I think that the bigger issue is that as a nation we are straying away from who we are. Granted I am thinking with my heart, but in the end it is for better not worse. Communism seems to be such a beautiful thing, common sense applied, pure perfection, but the one rule which it does not take into account? We as humans are not perfect. We cannot have a Utopia, it is against our nature.
I think we should leave our healthcare system intact at the moment, hesitating any major changes. Instead small incremental changes are necessary, something that takes time, nothing drastic and overnight, we cannot rush this. Most people do not realize that it took time to assemble such a system, with much though put into it, why not continue to do the same in regards to changing it?
