I think the education of healthcare needs to be improved.
Finance is a sticky situation. I think the cost of healthcare should equally represent the benefits received, so in some ways the cost should be lowered.
Emergency room services need to improve. The hours to wait and the services provided are horrible.
Money could be a reason why for both. There should be a better investment for healthcare. No money means no pay which makes for a poor satisfaction and poor care to patients, and not enough people to operate the emergency rooms.
I don't want to see the healthcare system go away. The healthcare system itself is good, but the providers in charge of it need to be changed. I think if you take a group of people who are on the lower economy scale, dependent on healthcare, and have them either advise or run healthcare then maybe it would be in better standing.
In a touchy subject, healthcare has become too political. It's main focus should be the well being of sick, disabled and retired people. But now it's revolved around budget cuts, and as long as money is flowing around it doesn't matter if a veteran is lying on his deathbed because he doesn't have insurance to help him.
What if there was healthcare for a range of income? Or is there already? If there isn't then why not have higher income families pay a portion towards healthcare that they can afford, and then lower income families pay a portion that they can afford. It would be healthcare for all in a sense, but all of us would pay a different amount. A reasonable amount. ? :)
I personally believe that healthcare in this country is too expensive and frankly people on a budget do not see it necessary to obtain one. I believe that minor health problems should be free.
I have no problem with health insurance, however, I find that people pay unnecessarily for services that they do not need. Meanwhile those who need it cannot afford to pay for health care.
I find that health insurance only covers very little health concerns. Good health is not a guarantee so there should be others ways that people pay for health services.
I don't necessarily think that lack of health care education is a problem I think people who are uninformed remain that way because they cannot afford it.
There should be a clear distinction between providing healthcare to make a profit and healthcare for the less fortunate
i do not have much knowledge on the health care procedures, i believe that every employer should provide health care for their employees and families. Anyone who is not willing to work should buy health insurance independently and people who are disabled or old should be either on medicare or medicaid.
American people should not be responsible to pay for services that they do not require
I agree that the education about the health care system should be improved. I don't think it's a problem because people remain that way because they can't afford it. Yes, some people may choose not to learn more about it, but that's cause they might not feel the need to and that's why they feel less informed when asked about changes/improvements to the healthcare system. For example, young adults who are covered for healthcare by their parent's employers don't feel the need to learn about health care because they don't have to pay for it and it's not a concern for them.
I don't have much knowledge on healthcare or the financing, but this idea seems fair.
What are the problems with healthcare in America?
We can look at what other countries are doing and how they are doing it. And while this isn't specifically healthcare-related, we could put more focus on national happiness.
emergency rooms are for "emergencies."  a lot of times people go to them because they don't have a pcp, don't have the money for said pcp...so going to the emergency with a minor problem causes backups and long waits for people with more serious emergencies...so we could make pcps more accessible to everyone on all types of income
maybe educating the "youth" about healthcare or healthy habits will get them interested and start wanting to learn more...or at the least, make them aware of how to live "healthy" so that they'll be less likely to be obese, reckless, etc.
i think that most health care professionals try to focus on the sick, disabled, and retired people, but because many people don't have insurances or enough insurance, when they use medical services, those services aren't paid for.  Since they aren't paid for then the drs' nurses' medical profs. have to be mindful of money and services.  ideally money would have no part of receiving medical aide/help, but in reality, someone has to pay for services.  if no one pays, then services are less "good" or non-existent
i dont think that a different outlook or perspective will change health care that much if any.  someone who has less of an income than one who is overly wealthy are still both logical thinking people.  what it comes down to is that healthcare profs. have budgets.  users of health care services have bills.  if bills are paid, then budgets stay the same or increase.  if bills aren't paid, then budgets are lowered.  when budgets are lowered then so are services, treatment quality, staff...it's all connected and eventually plummets because hospitals/healthcare has to pay to people to work. if they can't pay because "users" dont pay their bills, then everything goes to crap....make people pay their bills, (either hold them personally reliable if no insurance, hold the insurance if they have it or make people HAVE insurance so that somewhere, someone can get paid and continue to work.  
i dont think that when you insurance that you are paying for services that you wont use.  just like car insur. you buy it because if ever you need it, it will be there.  you are paying for reassurance/stability/future help; not for something you wont need or ever use.  same with healthcare and insurance.  every should PAY SOMETHING just to be prepared.  make a separate item/deduction/tax on our paychecks so that we pay a little more to be safe.  and for people who can't afford to pay/dont work because sick/old/disabled, then either put into place more restrictions/people to monitor EFFECTIVELY there status for not working by way of sick/old/disabled to make sure that if anything changes, i.e. they become able-bodied, then the get to work to help out the others/pay it forward..
i dont think that another country's plan will necessarily work for the U.S.  every country is different; maybe they start their youlth/middle aged/elderly off on different tracks/have different ideologies that are DIFFERENT from the U.S.;  find what works here then do it.  and if that means trying out a dozen different things before we get that lucky 13th, then thats what we should do. 
take out health care altogether and only have independent drs.  then let people use "private pay" to do what they need to.  if some can't afford it, then they can't afford it..
A lot of you are concerned with cost, which yes I agree is a problem a lot of people who need medical care cannot afford it and may go into debt after seeking medical treatment. Sometimes it's hard to understand that medial care cost as much as it does because the equipment and medicines are very expensive. Medical technology is hard to keep up with and most facilities can't afford to get the things they need. If we did more research on finding cheaper more efficient ways to develop medical technology there would be a trickle down affect with cost.   
By law most people (ages 5-18) are required to go to school a certain number of days a year. We could have more programs in schools that inform students on healthcare and other health related issues. It is required to take an American government course to graduate most high schools and colleges, why not a course on the American healthcare system?
This isn't really fair, and most doctors aren't able to run practice independently without governmental assistance. What if the doctors were more in charge of their own practice and were able to work out payment plans and negotiate without governmental interference. A good majority of the decisions doctors make are influenced by insurance companies and the government.  
Denmark is happiest country in the world; meaning Denmark has the happiest citizens. They have free healthcare, absolutely free regardless of who you are no questions asked. They also have a 15% tax rate meaning 15% of their money goes to the government. Is the trade off worth it and will people be willing to make that sacrifice?
I agree! Even I don't know everything about the healthcare system, and my family lives off of it. Eventually the youth is going to be in charge, so we need to know about how to run it.
okay I see where you are coming from, but how do we get people to pay? Some people are just skimming the ice making what they can for their families, so they feel the need that some bills don't need to be paid. We can't just force them, or can we??
I honestly don't know anymore. My ideas now are coming from a futuristic book I've read once where everyone was split into districts and they produced what they could in that area. Maybe we could do the same, but instead we'd be split based on income and needs. We pay for what we can afford, and we receive what we put effort into...I know it's sketchy though because some of us deserve more than what we work now based on previous efforts, so maybe we can accommodate that too...???
I agree, but we need to be cautious about how many systems we adopt because eventually we might burn out and people won't be happy if we continue to constantly change our system...?
mental health care should be easily accessible because it is one of the main causes of destruction and violence in America. I mean, a number of people cannot afford to obtain this kind of health care and as such they are forced to suffer in silence.
there is a definite need for more doctors, i believe this is a problem because a lot of dedicated doctors took a heavy loan and spend a long time paying off their dept that it is not encouraging for high school students to even consider that path, its just too much dept and too long
"Force" is a harsh word, but yes, I think that people who don't have healthcare or don't pay/have the means to pay their bills should be forced.  Single/divorced parents ask the courts to have the other parent pay; the other parent's wages are garnished; the petitioner get his/her owed child support.  The same could/should be done with society and medical bills.  A family may just be skimming by with their most/more important bills, but $5 or $10 a month will, eventually, get their bills paid and will help cover the costs that they use.  Over time, the health profs., drs., nurses, etc. will have more funding available and so we can stop the decline in health care and begin with an incline. 
I have never actually been to an emergency room, but I have been told that it just is not worth it. Apparently, the queue is too long and forms take too long to fill but, most importantly it just cost way too much.
That's a good question- will people of the US be willing to pay the tax rate that will enormously help provide free healthcare for all citizens?
I agree with being cautious.  But, as a whole/as a country, with one change in how health care works, we've seen society go crazy.  With any change, there will be people who get mad, but I think that if we work, regardless of people burnout/get angry, towards a "good" system that benefits all Americans to some sort of extent, then we as a whole will be able to over look the trouble it took us to get there.  Other countries didn't just invent/put into place a "good" working health care system overnight; it took time to develop and implement it.   
there is too much of a conflict in this country about healthcare in as much as it would be a fantastic thing to have a free healthcare system in this country i still believe that this would not solve the problem...there would still be some very unhappy chaps in America
forcing them is not the issue, i believe it is the role of the government to make them understand that healthcare bills are the ones worth paying
  To be honest, 15% is probably the median when it comes to healthcare costs at the moment.  We pay about $200/month for our family's insurance and that is about the same percentage in how much my wife brings in/month.  If everyone has to pay a higher tax rate, I would be somewhat upset because then I would be paying more a month.  But if we really think about it, with the amount that we pay in taxes and insurance /month, if you have insurance or work, will most likely be the same amount.  For some cheaper (if you have a low paying job), and for some more expensive (if you have a high paying job or multiple incomes).  Yes we would be paying "more," but the quality of health care would go up because they have their money/the funds to adequately treat and prevent and wouldn't have to worry about money. 
This is a good idea. It's like how students are required to take classes about the American economy and government. Although many are only required to take it for a semester, and I think these two are very important classes. Many students don't learn a lot or retain a lot from these courses, yet the information is vital. It could either be a separate course or integrated into another course mandatory for students, but it's very important for students to learn about the health care system as well as the American economy and government.
  some would be unhappy, but with time they will get over it, (most of them anyway). 
I think that this is a great idea.  Maybe even start it earlier like in elementary.  Have this incorporated into recess or P.E./health class/social studies so that the students grow up with it.
Of course a free healthcare system won't solve everyone's happiness. It would take care of everyone's health, but inevitably there will be people who are unhappy for whatever reason.
Why don't people have more control over their health care? People complain about insurance companies, cost of medical care, treatment, everything a person could complain about! If people had more of a say they would feel like they get what they pay for and be more satisfied with the health care system. People like to have control, give patients more rights to decide on what they want. Don't allow insurance companies to make our decisions for us, but then here comes the problem of education... most people don't even know their options... How can we give people more control?
So let's talk about free health care. It sounds fantastic! I would absolutely love to have free health care in the US, but we have never had free health care. Does anyone realize how many jobs would be lost? There would be no more medical insurance companies... Do you realize how many people are employed there? Also the quality of medical care would go down, the general attitude of medical staff would be "well I'm getting paid anyway."
The way free health care works in other countries is that people still have insurance in case of very serious cases, however, free healthcare is administered to people to educate them on how to take very good care of their bodies and not attain very contagious diseases. for example the general check-ups and the occasional flu will be treated under the free health care system. But, emergencies will require a valid health insurance. by doing this the price of prescription drugs will be elevated and insurance might be able to cover this; so it will still be necessary to have insurance.
The attitudes of medical healthcare professional is not very different now, a number of doctors and medical practitioners are only interested in the salary, that is why medicare and medicaid fraud are on their highest ever right now. I understand that doctors deserve the pay that they get mainly because they spend so much healthcare plan might work. 
So we should most likely take surveys of the opinion of people and what they want to see come of healthcare and then compare it to systems in different nations and then see which system works best. It gives the people what they want (maybe not all) and a chance to change our system.
It sounds okay, but let's take the flu example. The cost/demand of vaccines will take a toll on payment. We can't cover everyone. However unless you're talking about visits being free then I see a possible idea, but providers won't be happy and will see it pointless to continue their practice if they aren't be paid.
I agree wholeheartedly, but providers won't see it that way. Mental health is another way for them suck money out of people who need the help and then they want to add medication to the patient adding more costs thus benefiting their own pockets.
Yeah, perhaps integrate it into one of the elementary classes, but really focusing on it in high school since this is when students are more likely to understand how the health care system affects them and their lives. I think it's a worthy idea for anyone involved in education to implement.
I definitely agree that it's something happens overtime, and it'll be a lot of time, but the objective is to work towards a better system for America. It's unfortunate that the problem is largely due to many people involved in health care wanting more money.
I agree that part of "the problem" is many people want money; the other part is people wanting to be paid for services rendered.  There needs to be a system in place that allows for med. staff to receive payment, and to force the "patients" to pay for their usage...
The majority of these posts on here are concerned with how the Drs are money hungry or uncaring about patient; self-centered.  Yes, that is a problem but it also the patients.  I think that drs are honestly concerned and want to help each patient with all they can.  Nowadays, it seems that the patients are misusing the healthcare system, too.  I see so many students in the library using addy or sharing it without any real need of it...my point is that the problem isn't just with those working in the medical industry, but with everyone involved, on both sides. 
I disagree.  There will still be med. insurance companies because "free healthcare" equates to free checkups, minor things, shots, and education.  It doesn't mean that the government will foot the bill for everything; people will still need insurance or private pay for those costly treatments that aren't "basic."  Also, I think that better health for our 375+million citizens is/will be more of a top priority that the 25+million people who work in insurance...
We would be taxed that taxed money goes to the government to distribute to medical facilities. Doctors ALWAYS get paid regardless of what it cost the patient. For example My co-pay is $10 per doctor visit... but the doctor gets $150 per visit. Even if it's free like at community clinics they get paid by the government. This is excluding volunteers of course.
 Yes some doctors may be "money hungry" but you have to remember they have to have some kind of compassion to do their job. Even if they don't medical school is hard, and they managed to get through it. There seems to be the misconception that Doctors get paid by treatment... It doesn't work that way. It's not like the more test they order the more they get paid. They get paid based on how much revenue they bring in. The price of a lot those tests and treatments is fairly high. So they don't bring in even half the cost of the treatment.
