Health care should be available to everyone.
in addition that health care should be available to everyone , a small fee should be charged for applying for receiving health care that everybody can afford.
health care should be free for the needy families, those whom have low income and have large family. 
All health care providers and agencies should accept health care insurance and medicate insurance.
Health care should be more funded by the government ; the government should purpose a large budget for health care. 
Health care agencies on a university campus should provide free basic healthcare to students that show the need for it, as the healthcare was a part of the tuition for the university.
The government should support health care technology and set a budget for it , especially in the research fields for finding new cure and medicine for several diseases. 
The government should build more health agencies in many different areas around the USA that will provide all sorts of different health services ranging from check-ups to surgeries.   
Health care should be limited for those who misuses it. An example, buying drugs or medicine and use them in an illegal matter in a way to experience pleasure (getting high).
In a case of an emergency , such as someone who got shot , the patients should be admitted in the emergency room even if they don't have or carry health insurance. The cost of the surgeries and medical expenses should be determined according to the person's income , and an aid program should be available if the patient is needy or have low income.
Medicine should be available to everyone.
A healthcare plan? Some people don't want to see their tax money going to provide a free healthcare plan though for people who might not even really need / "deserve" it.
And also for better, more precise surgical technologies.
I think first before we can try to fix the healthcare system people need to be informed of how it works and stuff. Because I believe maybe some people aren't sure of how the healthcare system in America works especially dealing with insurance and all that.
People should be educated about how to react in emergency situations. For example, if someone broke a bone or if anyone is having a seizure, stroke, heart attack, etc., it would be ideal if the general public knew how to react in those types of situations and at least hold it off until help arrives.
There should be more clinics around cities. It's more convenient than having to go to the doctor / a hospital if it's just a minor problem.
For long-term patients, there should be a person they can talk to so if their families can't really come and visit all the time, they will still have someone to be there for / with them.
A budget should be set aside for people / families that really do need free / reduced healthcare fees, though. There should be certain criteria, however, to determine who gets what. Maybe background / history checks on the person. This way, people can receive the same level of healthcare, plus people may feel this is more justified (about spending their tax money) because of the background checks.
  healthcare should be available to everyone, but to varying degrees. it's a fundamental right to live, but people should get what is appropriate. perhaps helathcare should be based on current health, job environment, place of residence, etc.
not everyone, in the eyes of many, deserve free healthcare. it should cost, but to varying levels. I believe the people who work in dangerous fields that endanger their lives should have access to better healthcare than say to the people who are unemployed for long periods of time. in theory, the oil field worker is at greater risk than the stay at home mom.
abortion shouldn't be covered by healthcare. they have birth control for that.
low income families should have healthcare, but at a cost. perhaps there should be a calculator to calculate income/healthcare cost. nothing in the world is free, and it is irresponsible to give people the illusion that healthcare is a free service.
healthcare is a more of a service then a right. if we think about it strictly as a right, then it might as well be free. if healthcare is free, for anyone, we might as well dig ourselves a hole. there will be a deficit that will be very hard to get out of.
healthcare need not be expensive, but a bare a minimum, and should be on a " you get what you pay for" format.
to increase knowledge of how to self diagnose symptoms, or to prevent sickness, upon leaving a medical office, after a check up, operation, whatever, large books of common sicknesses, their symptoms, and prevention, should be available. just like how telephone companies used to give phone books for free, or included in the payment. if people were more readily informed by a trust worthy source (because you can't always trust the internet), many problems could be avoided. not everyone has access to the internet, but almost everyone can read nowadays. unless this has already been implemented...then nvm
school nurses need to be more educated on the more serious sides of health issues. too often have i heard, and have been told myself "I'm not sure, ask your doctor."
the prices of delivering a baby should be lessened. it's sad that it costs a fortune to be born, a fortune to live, and a fortune to die. since the population will no doubt increase, and HAS been increasing, the price should be lopwered, sine  babies are being born everywhere, everyday, all day.
personal religious beliefs aside, parents who are considering birthing a child who is guaranteed a life of suffering need to be REALLY informed of the testimony of people who have the same disease that are alive. I was against abortion 100% until I heard a disease stricken man say " mother, why didn't you abort me? you should have. I would have aborted myself."
abortions need to have a rising price tag per operation. 1 abortion is bad enough, any more is a sign of lack of responsibility and stupidity, and they should be fined for it.
In some high schools it is required to take health and I think during that course they should learn about the health care system in place at the time and the reason people need it. if not in health class maybe governmentf
health care should provide people to go to say family doctors or neighborhood doctors for the common cold or injury and leave the ER for the emergencies. Thus the ERs will be less crowded so the people who really need help can get it much much soonere
The cost of medicine should be reduced to the very very bare minimum for those who need it to stay aalive
A bigger budget should be given to the biomedical labs to cure cancerr
There should be a continue growth of health care providers so the "competition" aspect of it would lower the cost of health care.
preventive care should increase in order to decrease the doctor visits in the future. say new borns and even during the pregancy state. the mother should be given everything needed to have a healthy baby.
I think we should make getting a doctor degree more affordable so well have more doctors and maybe even enough to have a doctor and a nurse in schools so the poor children in school can have a free doctors visit during school.
There have been instances where a family is not being helped because they have no insurance and the hospital is unsure if the family can pay the money. Health care should be provided in order to decrease the amount of deaths in America. Hospitals should help those in need if they are willing to sign a contract saying they will pay in time.
This is very true. Many people in poor families do not go to the doctor unless they are very ill and may not be able to pay the full amount for health care. These costs should be reduced so that the death rate decreases in America.
In other countries, health care does not cost as much and citizens are able to go to the doctor whenever they need it. I have heard of instances when people from other countries go to the doctor just to treat a minor cold. America's health care system needs to have a lower price on service and medicine at hospitals.
Public and private schools should teach more in the health classes than they do now. This way students would know how to react in emergency situations and less deaths may occur.
I completely agree. Prices of health care does not vary so a person that makes an average of $300,000 annually pays the same amount for health care as someone who earns $30,000. Without insurance, no help is provided. Not many people from unwealthy families can pay for the necessary help.
Health care should be provided to everyone but insurance should be optional and not taken out of each paycheck. In many instances, when people try to use the Insurance that was taken out of their paychecks, the hospitals tell them that the insurance is unavailable and they would have to pay the full amount upfront or no care is provided.
This is true. If healthcare was free, doctors and nurses may get paid less and therefore, America would have an even higher demand for nurses and doctors. Many doctors may quit because the income may be cut.
Hospitals seem to be discriminative when it comes to who to help first. Since America consists of many Hispanics, more Hispanic nurses and doctors should be hired.
part of the incentive to becoming a doctor is the high pay. the whole flow of income needs to be rethought so that we can still pay our doctors their fair share, while being able to give everyone who needs healthcare their share as well.
an in depth evaluation of a specialist, or perhaps a program,  maybe over the phone or through a computer service, to help determine whether it'd be best to go to the ER versus the family doctor.
if there ARE cures to cancer, and it is being withheld due to the fact that the economy needs people to die to sustain itself, then there needs to be much better treatment.
there needs to be a higher price on people who partake in routine destructive recreational activities such as smoking, drinking, etc. of course, the price would only be raised if the uses had been over a certain limit. say, a person is allowed 3 cigarettes a week. you can smoke more, but the cost of, I don't know, a monthly insurance bill will raise. America seems to be one of the few countries that is willing to kill its citizens just to make a buck. this needs to change. this would raise the incentive to be healthier.
It is 2013, and we're still being told in the Diagnosis Centers, "we don't know what is wrong". More money needs to be allotted to health research, because there are more than a few industries that could use a cut.
America needs to model it's healthcare after the Swiss. End of story. Take the precautions, take the time, but do it.
I think it should be covered by the health care. If anti pregnancy pills didn't work , which happened in many cases , health care should be available for such situation. 
I agree with that , but I would better if it wasn't limited for cancer only but other diseases such HIV , AIDS , etc...
I agree! that can lead to extra examines and procedures that can be costly and unnecessary, raising the medical bill expenses.
The government should provide budget for research such as : advanced surgical tools, robotic controlled surgeries, and new surgical procedures.
who pays for the patients in the mental institutions? themselves? Us or is the government paying to keep them secure?
Along with all the mental disorders as well.
The patients whom are in commas on life support, can not pay for there care, but its up to there love ones and when they cant pay, what happens to them. the doctors have little clue when or if they will ever wake up. and a lot of times some give up hope and pull the plug.
I think that until it is absolute certain that a patient in a comma on life support is comptely loss than healthcare should cover them
cancer treatment should definitely not be withheld and given only to those who can afford the extremely rediculous amount of money it costs to be treated.
This is very true. Most families can't afford to have the patient laying in a bed for the possibility that their loved one may live, so they just tell the doctors to pull the plug. It should not cost so much for a person to lay in a bed.. only the treatment should be charged
A visitation to the emergency room costs so much even if there is nothing really wrong with you. I went to the emergency room because i got stung by a wasp and i am deathly allergic. The doctors told me that taking benedryl right after i get stung will make my swelling go down. We paid over $100 for a doctor to tell me to take a medication that most people have in their homes already.
It should not cost so much for an ambulance to come to an emergency. Many people call the fire department instead of the ambulance because they both take you to the hospital but one is free and the other costs hundreds of dollars.
If health care is going to cost so much, at least do something about the pollution in the air.. Since there is so much pollution, people have a hard time breathing and therefore get things like asthma and have to buy an inhaler.
your health is in danger as you age. So health treatment should be cheaper for older people. Especially because most of them are retired and do not have  source for money besides their retirement money.
Nursing home costs should be lower and the treatment should be better. Older people need to be treated gently and with care. i have visited a nursing home where the patient is not talked to and just left to lay in a bed the whole day. This should be changed.
if the hospital bill is going to continue to be high, check ups should be free and the pharmaceuticals should be much cheaper.
there should be a personality requirement for doctors and nurses. Difficult to upset, easy to calm. Optimistic and very caring. Willing to help others without being watched. Things of that nature. Nurses and doctors seem to be getting more and more cruel every year.
It's just hard sometimes and gets overwhelming, but I agree because part of being in the healthcare / medical field isn't just to get money but also to help others, and caring is a part of that.
I went to a free clinic to volunteer, and these people whose children had diabetes, a cold, etc. didn't even have any medicine at all to at least alleviate some symptoms.
It's so easy for people to say that we should have free healthcare or something along those lines, but it's unfair to the doctors/nurses/etc. to just provide free service especially if they get paid less because of all of the money and time and effort they've spent getting to that point.
Mental health and mental health facilities should be more looked into. I doubt many people know how treatment is at those facilities. It is often overlooked in the healthcare field because when people hear the word "healthcare" they just think of your typical hospitals with the ER and whatnot.
more money and research and development should go into the technology to have it so advance that it can help significantly in the detection and treatment of cancer and any other illness or injury.
agreed and also most of the elderly that I know of have no intention of going to a old folks home, and so the cheaper the medicine is for them to stay healthy, the longer they can live happy and independent.
It is unneccery to go to the ER when all you have is a common cold. Yet only a few clinics in towns stay open past 5 and only on week days. and if it cant wait till morning or the weekend but its not serious like broken bones, the ER should not be that expensive
the ER is just a tad too expensive. The cost is supposed to make the common cold and cuts go to a clinic and leave the ER to the emergency. But its also too expensive to make someone who might have serious problem stay at home and wait to sees if it goes away.
a very good point. But in the same time , everyone should have the right of living ; the people in commas should be treated as any other hospitalized patient. Health care should provide the medical expenses for that patient and ask the family if they contribute for the paying , if not , then the costs are waived. I am not sure for how long is the period where we give up on people in commas.
ER should be limited to people with a serious life threatening condition or a serious injury. A lot of people now days are in long lines for the ER room due to the lack of identifying what is serious and what is not.
Yes I agree with this. Our ERs are too expensive even though you don't show a serious injury , or you need a minimum help. The cost must be reduced, and help should be provided right away.
I agree. Older people should be qualified to pay a range of nothing to about 2% of the medical expenses.
The Ambulances should be free and covered by the government same as police departments and fire departments. 
Yes that is a very important point. Nurses/doctors and the medical staff must be friendly , passionate , and caring because we need to make patients feel comfortable and reduce their pain and anxiety. 
Patients are normally frightened by hospitals because of anxiety or past experiences. Since this is the normal behavior of patients, our nurses and doctors should be very warm and easy to talk to. Nurses and doctors should also be able to communicate with patients in a way that the patients can understand.
Health is a big issue all over the world. Since this is such a big topic, the government should look into it more often than they do now. Health care should also be paid mostly by the government if the disease or illness is serious so that people are able to live longer.
i dont see why america sees it as a threat for people to live longer... cancer and asthma have become increasingly common when the government stated this and therefore, more people die at younger ages. is the government doing something to shorten our life span? this should definitely stop immediately. People should be able to live life without breathing in random things that planes spray into the air.
medical insurance should help regular people almost as much as they help nurses and doctors. insurance should not have random expiration dates unless you decide personally to stop paying for the insurance.
many doctors are pushed to tell patients that they need some kind of medication when it is not really necessary. later on, the patient calls the doctor and tells them that the pills did not have any affect and that they feel the same as before they took the medication. The doctor will then prescribe another medication and tell the patient that this would be more effective. This takes money out of the patient's pockets and puts more money into the government's. These behaviors should not continue.
there should be certain medication that is on shelves at stores. Some people do not have money to go visit a doctor and may already know what is wrong with them. These people would most likely just want to go to the pharmacy and receive the medication instead of  having to pay an extra hospital bill.
More than one pharmacist should be on duty at each pharmacy. Since the pharmacist is the only person that can do main tasks, the process to make the medication is slow if only one pharmacist is working. This causes a delay and customers are not able to receive their medication quickly and therefore become upset.
There should be more free dietician programs online or on tv in america because the health of america is at risk when it comes to dieting habits. These dieticians should be paid by the government instead of by each patient. The wage should be approximately the same.
Computers should be modified to where they do not harm your eyes as much as they do now. Same with televisions and cell phones. These items are known to damage your eyes and the average age to begin wearing glasses is much lower than it used to be.
Health care for pregnancies should also be cheaper since pregnant women tend to visit the hospital more than average.
The people who work the telephones at doctors' offices need to be more educated on common symptoms and be able to diagnose things WITHOUT the need the need to go 100 bucks to be told, "go take benadryl". Yes, this would perhaps lead to a little less money being made by the doctor, but would in turn lead to more patient faith and trust. When patients know that the doctor wants to make his cut WHILE trying to save his patients as much money as possible, it leads to customer loyalty.
I don't want to be THAT guy, but if marijuana were legalized for medicinal use, perhaps the following *could* happen: 1) Doctor's would be making a lot more money 2) It's a much cheaper than a bottle of pills for quite a few disorders 3) The illegitimate drug trade in America would collapse, *hopefully* leading to a lower crime rate 4) Would people do it to get high, just because? Of course, why the heck do people use Vicodin or Purple drank? 5)Nothing in the world would really change, because illegality of marijuana hasn't done a darn thing to stop it. Then again, money is money. Illegal or not, drugs bring in ALOT of money. Somewhere down the line, that money gets put back into Uncle Sam's pocket. Maybe the gv't doesn't want to legalize fully for just that reason.
What if hospitals were like an assembly line. Because assembly lines are efficient and cheap. Like everyone would do one job at people would just go down a conveyor belt.
Or maybe everyone should have a given free set of emergency pills / medicine for their home or whatever.
Yeah because sometimes they'll prescribe you medicine that you can get OTC but they'll make you pay more for the prescribed medicine
People should be more educated about what kind of doctors/specialist they need to see because for example, someone's doctor (general practitioner) kept prescribing her different BRANDS of an SSRI antidepressant, none of which worked, while what she actually needed was to see a psychiatrist who was able to prescribe her a different TYPE of antidepressants like an MAO inhibitor.
Children should also be taught not to shove their faces on computer / TV / game consoles / phone screens etc. so they don't ruin their eyes at a young age.
What if there was kind of like an OnStar for medical things. Not like webMD but actual doctors or nurses or something for emergencies. Then you could do it from your phone and whatnot
Maybe banks should automatically put a small set amount of everyone's money into a separate savings account for that person that's specifically for healthcare. It doesn't have to be much. And then when they need something they just pay with what they have in that account and the government covers the rest of it.
That way people pay according to their income. Like 2% let's say gets put into this account monthly
People should be taught better on proper nutrition. We KNOW obesity is an issue, we KNOW not to eat greasy, oily, sugary foods, but I don't think some people understand how badly this really affects your body not just in terms of making you "fat" but also how it affects your organs, heart, mind, etc.
