Now although I don't know as much about the healthcare system as I would like, I can say that I think the main idea for the healthcare system is to help those people who cannot help themselves. This being said, I would suggest that healthcare is more flexible towards those who need it more such as the people who are living in a poor area and cannot always provide for their family. Another good idea that may help the system is to just make more people aware of the actual problems. Take me for example, I would be able to give much better ideas to help benefit this system if I was aware of its outline procedure in more detail. So far all I can tell is that the biggest problem is, who receives what from their healthcare system, so the only idea I can generate would be that you should base an individuals healthcare rewards by the persons' way of living.
You could have certain healthcare providers that check in on families that apply for healthcare and have them give a suggested amount that should be rewarded to the person(s). It would be interesting to see how much of an affect a "Healthcare Truck" would have on a society. Like if a truck were to drive around almost like an ice cream truck and offer information on healthcare to all Americans. On this truck you could also apply for healthcare and talk to representatives that can provide help to those who don't know what their doing or could be doing to make their situation better. you could maybe find a way to teach kids about healthcare in school so that they can be prepared for their future responsibilities. Healthcare giveaways over the radio or drawings (like the lottery). You can have people turn in empty medicine bottles for tickets to enter in a drawing and the winner would receive Healthcare rewards.
Well Joe Flacco just got a 120 million dollar contract for a few years to go out, play a game he enjoys, and get hurt. While the Nurse that is in over their head in education debt is getting paid garbage to put up with American's rudeness in the hospital. The very first thing we need to look at is, if we want good care, we need to take care of those providing us. Somehow more money needs to find its way to these hard working people if not money some kind of compensation for working those ridiculous hours and working as hard as they do. Having over tired burnout healthcare personal is unacceptable. If the Obama admin wants to dabble in health care, then lets pull some Gov money to the system, no reason why a car company should get billions when a hospital doesn't even get gas money for ER runs.
Prescription medication. As it stands now, I think it is fine. Everyone should not be entitled to cheap meds. You pay more for full auto insurance over just liability right? But you also are covered in more areas. With that said, if you pay more for health care that covers more, your meds will be covered. If you cant afford it, then oh well, go try harder. Americans complain and complain they had a 100 dollar co-pay. Why are you complaining, the meds cost a heck of a lot more to research, develop, get a approved... hell im not going to explain the business process here, you get it. In short, if you cant afford 100 dollars, then maybe you should look down at your feet and regret paying 98$ for those nikes you are wearing
Want to save money? Pull the plug on those on life support. I know that's mean but why are we wasting hundreds of thousand of dollars and man hours tending to someone who is going to pass anyway? Because the family has that choice i know. But change it. Allow a max of 12 months on life support.. after that the family has 2 options, pay for it out of pocket (no more insurance) or pull the plug. As of now if long term care or intense care costs to much insurance already says they will only pay for a lesser quality of care, the logical next step is to just terminate that care.
Everyone says... "oh Canada has free health care why cant we"  ok, you go to Canada and wait 5 months for an appointment and even longer to get approved for your prescriptions. Free sounds great, but if humans can not wait for 3 hours in the Doc's office can you imagine waiting 5 months to be seen? Our health care is slow with burnout staff, and out dated equipment. And this will never change for the private sector has no power on this, the only hope is Government steps. Going back to cars, there is no reason a GMC should have more technology in the dash board then the office i sit in to get my back checked out. I have no idea on how to get better technology but it is needed. It is a cost well spent, why have 3 different tests when 1 machine can answer everything.. oh thats right, so the insurance companies can make money.. so maybe that is were the Gov should step in... stop letting them rob us blind.
We need better nurses. Nurses who care more which probably wont happen without a pay raise.  We need nurses who are in the profession because of their passion to help not just for a job or the money.
Legalize assisted suicide too
Maybe we should have more education opportunities for those who dont understand that concept.
People get sick, no matter their income. We should develop a better system that helps the sick but doesn't allow a free ride either.  There's a happy medium somewhere.
More information and education in schools about leading healthy lifestyles should help our healthcare system
There should be some form of financial reward or incentive to those who lead a healthy lifestyle to encourage others to do the same
Children, elderly, and the mentally ill should be top priority in our healthcare system.
Hospitals should have better managers and more training available.
Not everyone can be "wealthy", there has to and there will be poor people.  That doesn't make anyone greater or less, so when providing healthcare to our nation we should keep in mind health before wealth.
Emergency room services get overwhelmed with people who don't have a primary care provider and take the er staff's time with colds or headaches.  We should make it possible for everyone to have at least a primary care physician and keep the er for emergencies!
America's healthcare system doesn't need as much reform as the American people's mindsets do. But adapting more positive and loving attitudes as a people could lead to an easier and less painful reform to healthcare
Healthcare insurance should be like good credit, better health better benefits (excluding preexisting conditions of course).
Better technology could make processes more productive and efficient.
Doctors should have to pass a handwriting test prior to them being allowed to write prescriptions.  That could prevent thousands of mistakes and lives being lost
Out of all government spending we should be sure that healthcare is a priority
Maybe we should cut government spending from something less important than the health of our citizens
Hospital workers don't necessarily need more money to be better, just to feel more appreciated by us.  Making someone feel appreciated could work better than just more money and people will feel like the work they do is worthwhile.
Educating the masses in a variety of areas of health care, especially the ones who are prone to make injunctions of their own health as well as potentially harming others around them, could save a lot of money. Those who are unaware of the dangers of doing too many drugs or even teenage pregnancies cost everyone around them money because they are unable to pay for their hospital expenses. Educating individuals further than the crap I've experienced throughout school would stop many of the people who do not realize the effects of their actions of society. There are people on life support who do not have family to pay for them or their own riches to keep them alive. Decisions have to be made if the technology is not available to save people. Care for elderly people, the mentally unstable, and persons with severe mental in-capabilities should not be paid for by the government and insurance companies but by the people who want them to be cared for, which in some cases there aren't any. If the disabled, physically or otherwise, are unable to or unwilling to contribute to society in any way shape or form and only hinder the progress of reform by literally and fiscally taking up space that could be used to advance technology or save more people from illness then they should be put down in order to utilize what resources we have more effectively. Doctors and psychiatrists should not be so apt to hand out prescriptions for drugs, especially with mental disorders such as depression. It creates problems not only through the patients but as well as those that need to be hospitalized for obtaining, either from buying them from the patient or stealing them, drugs and using them in manners that they were not intended to be used for. Other treatment should be used first and drugs should be seen as a last resort instead of a means of getting the patients out of the office. Possibly subsidizing more of the costs of hospital expenses could lower the costs that the hospitals themselves pay, and through that lower insurance costs and out-of-pocket expenses from the patients. People need to be more responsible, or taught to be, when it comes to health care and the costs. If an uninsured person has to go to the emergency room, there is no time to make sure that that person has health insurance, and if they do not then the rest of society has to pay for it either literally or through hospitals having to cut back on staff, technology or quality of medicine and procedures. If we explore the possibilities of advanced technology we could potentially cut back on spending by removing the need to have to use invasive and costly surgeries and therapy.
There are some insurance companies that require a full physical before the will carry you almost like a pass or fail; If you you pass with good health you get a more affordable rate. However, most people with low incomes aren't able to afford all of the necessary things it takes to stay healthy like buying Organic foods, gym memberships, and supplements, etc. So these people are forced to either pay a higher insurance rate or have none at all. I do agree that there should be an incentive to leading a healthy lifestyle and maybe if gym memberships or "healthy food" discounts were offered through our employers or insurance companies it would help aid to a healthier lifestyle where healthcare wasn't such a burden.
I think EDUCATION on preventive methods to illness would help significantly. So many of the common diseases or conditions are self inflicted and avoidable. I was diagnosed with Hypothyroidism at 22 and without knowing at the time what was wrong I thought I was dying. It took me going to an OBGYN ( thinking I have cervical Cancer) to find out that my hormones were out of wack. They immediately wanted to put me on the most expensive medication they could find ( which had a whole laundry list of side affects itself). With a little digging i found that a little exersice and healthy eating would naturally turn my condition around.
This is a great idea! The main thing that the citizens need is to be educated on this topic
This might sound crazy but we could establish new "holidays" like every month is celebrating some sort of health aspect and for each month there could be sales on medications, doctor appointments, emergency room services, mental health, while also educating the people.
Educate those that are not aware how cheap it is to be healthy. Gym membership 10.95 (fitness connection) $1.89 lb of chicken breasts. Water is free, Organic is a sham, sorry but look at what the FDA considers organic, the rest is just marketing labeling, so you dont have to overpay for fruits and greens.  And supplements are an aid, (most are crap anyway) so not needed. This education of finding alternatives is pretty important i feel to help the less poor realize they have options other than hot dogs to feed the kids cause they are cheap.
Well said! People expect things on the drop of a dime. These nurses are working around the clock with some serious (insert your own word) people most of the time. ..  ... maybe it is us who is making health care bad?
I like the sounds of this, any ideas on who this would be approached? how do we keep the first time parent out of the ER cause the kid is crying louder? will there be enough providers to handle the mass workload from the ER? I would like to hear what you guys/gals have on this one, might be the most practical idea generated thus far.
not crazy, far fetched yes. How about we do away with the tradition of old holidays? We don't need to be fatting America up on Halloween and Easter with all this candy.
I do not know much on how the current insurance works, all i know is i dont have medical. What i do know is people will complain either way. I was 8 yrs military, insurance was free.. and us enlisted and spouses complained complained complained about how crappy the service was and how long it took to be seen. I think 80 percent of the people i know said "Cant wait to drop tricare and pay for my own insurance and get better care" I was one of them... here i am now... 2 years out.. no medical. Somehow insurance needs to have many plans .. heck pet insurance has silver gold and platinum, my dog has health insurance and I do not. Why can humans not have simplified levels of care?
People will complain regardless, it's inevitable.  The main priority though, should be to please the majority the best way possible.
Leading a healthy lifestyle is not as difficult as some make it seem. It takes more effort to eat healthy not necessarily more money. People who are already living off of the government with food stamps should be limited or encouraged to purchase healthier options of food.
Sounds a tad bit crazy but I agree that there should be more promotional methods to make people aware and educated.
All roads lead back to insurance.  People don't have primary care doctors because of their insurance provider or lack of.  ER rooms are packed out for a lot of things that aren't emergencies because of insurance providers or lack of.  Somehow, someway the health of others has to be prioritized over profit and capital.
We need more people interested in the promotion, education, and preventive side of health care not just the practice and providing side.  Healthcare education should be a major, with jobs in the field of educating others and promoting awareness
Technology is advancing farther and faster than education.  The two need to catch up and progress at the same pace.
It's really bad when there is better healthcare in prisons than there is available to some working class citizens   
The FDA itself is a scam and i agree there are a few less expensive alternatives to leading a healthy lifestyle but it all boils down to education.
I agree, many people don't realize and I am still learning that insurance companies run our health industry. They control what is approved by the FDA and other thing s that I don't think they should have the power to control. I still don't know much about how these companies go about having so much power over our healthcare system, but if there was a class offered to educate the masses on how corrupt this is im sure things will change.
  Maybe if schools or companies were offered some type of tax break for promoting or offering eduction on healthier lifestyles, everyone loves a good tax break.
Education is by far the most important resource that is lacking in this country and is available to those who really want it. Education could provide the inspiration needed for individuals to lead healthier lifestyles, and also the aspiration to do so and to be less of a burden on society as well.
I agree. Insurance needs to be simplified and dealt better. However, I think it is more the company's faults. It needs to be straight forward without any loopholes or catches that make it difficult to process. But I do not believe it should be given by the government for every individual. The rich pay for the better healthcare just as we all choose to pay for the cheaper or full coverage on auto insurance.
This could be a good idea. But instead of holidays perhaps just an event or big hoopla where there are a host of competitions and contests concerning healthy lifestyles and making good choices and have doctors and other qualified people talk about the benefits there are to being more active and healthy.
I agree that technology is advancing faster than education, but on the societal aspect. There is a major gap between those who create the newer and newer technology and the consumers and general population. I think its fine that technology is ahead of education, however the gap should not be as wide as it is and it should not be growing at the same rate.
There should be no reward for not being lazy. It should be a societal responsibility to not be lazy in any aspect of life, especially in aspects that concern the individual personally, and through them, financially, the rest of society. However there could be one for encouraging others and picking them up and motivating people to do better than average.
I agree. Prisons should not be the great place that it is made to be today. Through prison reform we could clear out the individuals who do not deserve to be there and through that reduce medical costs. With less prisoners there would be less fights which would lead to less surgeries, drugs and care needed for individuals who broke the law and are supposed to be punished.
Giving up control of medical costs, insurance and finances to the governmental regulation could be the most effective way to ensure that health of the country's citizens comes before profit because most corporations will not.
I see that there are similarities throughout this entire thread of ideas. After reading everyone's ideas it's obvious that what we need is education on health/healthcare system, even distribution of money in FAIR ways to both the people receiving care and the hospitals/staff running these procedures, and to somehow get the rich to be more considerate of the poor. In the end it's hard to say that these are at all possible to achieve (with there being so many people in the world). Maybe education on the subject could spark the fire.
"Put down" as in you put down a horse or some animal?  That's terrible, if you ever became seriously disabled or had a disabled child would you still feel the same?  It's easy to suggest somethings because they won't affect you.  I don't think dehumanizing mentally unstable or elderly people is a great solution.
In all honesty, being healthy has to be "so easy a caveman can do it" before Americans are motivated to exert much effort.  Unfortunately, we just live in a day and age that if it doesn't come fast and easy, most Americans don't want to do it.  The mentality of our people needs to be reformed.  We need to get back to the days where everyone put in an effort to make this nation better.  Now people just want to sit back and tell the government to fix everything.
It starts with our children.  People past the age of 30 are stuck in their ways and harder to educate for this reason.  If we could begin to raise more conscientious children, we could see a change in the mindset and health of America.
This is where technology plays the villain.  No one plays outside anymore, tv's got bigger and so did the people.
Like Ny is doing, regulate what people consume, i mean who really needs 3 64oz big gulps. But lets not have Govnt step in and do this, have business do it themselves and get a reward on tax break or something. For example how subway (yes NOT healthy) made apples and water along with the less fat/carb chips. It nothing big but its a start. So if other business would follow we could lead to a healthier America.  STOP SELLING TRIPLE BACON CHEESEBURGERS WENDYS!!   (but sooo tasty)
What about modeling the ER like the DMV. You go to a computer, choose why you are there "Flu like" "broken bone" "back issue" "who the heck knows" Let certain nurses deal with said cases, to help stream line the process. Steam line is bad you say... not when over 80% of the people in the ER do not need to be in the ER its a good filter.
Prescription meds.... there needs to be a low low does of these meds that are "over the counter" If i have strep throat why must i go to the doc just to get him to sign his name so i can get what i need. Having the ability to buy a antibiotic or other useful drug at a low dose will keep many people out of the docs office.
Ship all the sick to Guantanamo  HA sorry i just could not resist. 
Once a month home visits ... heck the Govnt is losing millions in the post office so why not have a traveling doc for 100 bucks per visit you can be seen if you do not have health care? Shoot let the Doc ride with mail man, knock out 2 in one.
Pass a bill so that no matter how much the budget is cut health care can not be touched... Or lets stop giving Israel, Egypt, Africa ..millions a day in "aid" and put that toward our own people!! We can complain about Americans but its Gov that is control of the funds without the money what can be done?
What do you mean here? and example please
Even if our children are smart about health, what if they cant afford the insurance, (student or bad job) and its a reason to visit the hospital due to .. oh i dunno a reason outside of their lifestyle choice.... but no insurance.. how does this fix anything.
Insurance lottery, your number gets drawn that month you get a discount on a visit
Equip hospitals the way they should be regardless of their size. Example : My father just went for broke ribs/puncture lung   no insurance.... Ambulance ride there, they could not see him, so then took him to 2nd place, no room, third place they put him in ICU. He had 3 rides... 3 rides he will be billed for even tho it was not his choice. Every place needs to be ready for anything. Good job Greenbay
I agree that in a perfect world EDUCATION would be the answer to many problems in the healthcare system but haven't we tried that already? The information on what it takes to be healthy is out there on websites, books, and tv  ( all of which are accessible regardless of income). Throughout grade school it was required for me to take health classes so the information for self education is out there. however, many people choose to ignore this or choose to remain ignorant. 
Then if the people are unwilling to do something about their own health the government or some other private organization will have to do it for them with or without their consent. And if they are uneducated then it would be without their consent in order to do what is best for them.
These people are stuck in their ways are teaching the children of today. If we want to change education of the "future of america" then we would need to reform more than just healthcare in order to take care of healthcare. In order to be a teacher you need a 2.0 gpa? Ridiculous.
If the children were smarter about healthy lifestyles then there would be less unnecessary doctor visits which waste time and money and be less at risk for disease and accidents and we would be able to spend that money on those who need it.
They make bigger hospitals for that reason. What should be done is emergency response teams should be able to make the call as to which hospital to go to before they decide on one place, if the patient is stabilized enough to have the couple of minutes available to do so.
This could be a good idea. A traveling doctor or team of specialists could go around making house-calls providing insight and expertise or even write prescriptions and treatment to those that are sick but do not need to go to a hospital and would clear up space for those that do.
If I couldnt do anything for myself and relied on everyone completely? Yea i would want to be put down. Why should society be responsible for footing the bill of those who are unable or unwilling to help? Who need 24/7 round the clock care so they don't choke on their spit? If the members of the family are willing to care or willing to pay for it then by all means let them.
 ;D
