better and more sufficient payment plans to pay off doctor and hospital bills
i know that generic brand prescriptions arent as good as the name brand, for example the medicine people take when having theiroid disease, so maybe making the generic just as good as the name brand would help.
being able to schedule doctor appointments online would cut down on time in the waiting room
i dont know if doctors are already made to go back to school after so many years of work, but they should have to go to some kind of semester long class every 10 years to learn new and updated medicine and practice
i feel that mental health should be tested when getting and renewing your drivers license or any kind of state issued ID
maybe make a general app for smart phones that can be used to schedule appointments
insurance should cover all surgeries if the surgeries are necessary/mandatory. i know that getting your tonsils out isn't covered by insurance because they find it isn't necessary, but for some cases it may be. they shouldn't be able to put a general NO to surgeries, it should be decided individually for each case.
For as the education aspect of health care, there should be more internships in the medical field for the students who are interested in health care. Reason being, by shadowing the physician you not only gain experience but you get the one on one hands on activity close to the physician and interacting with the patients no matter the unit you are assigned too.
A paid internship wouldn't be bad either not only are you gaining experience and interacting with patients but you are getting paid to do something that is of interest to you and that you have a passion for.
I agree there should be payment plans where you can pay for example 20 dollars or less a month until your payment is paid off in full being that you are at a doctor's office or a hospital setting.
Exactly, to no extent all surgeries should be covered especially if it is an emergency and you don't have the finances to cover the surgery in full I believe the ethics aspect of a physical are in to place where they should have some type of compassion to cover patients that not only can't afford surgeries but coverage for all patients period.
I find it quite mind boggling to know that some people are selling generic brands of different medicines for example a type of medicine for cancer and shipping it to America being that, a women in china was labeled a fraud for smuggling drugs such as a drug for cancer and she has a lab in America and the medicine is made there and placed on shelves in the pharmacy's which is really sad so people really need to be careful with dealing with medicine now days getting the actual brand is more on the save side but as stated previously, you really have to pay careful attention now days because drugs that are smuggled in to America look like the exact pill quite scary but very informational to know the difference and be aware of the difference types of medicines to take for different reasons.
Since technology is basically taking over globally as well as nationally that wouldn't be such a bad idea to do. That definitely saves time for as calling on your lunch break to schedule an appointment by phone or email, I believe the different hospitals and doctor's offices should really look into the app for smart phones.
True enough especially knowing a lot of people like to drive under the influence of either drugs or alcohol. A mental health screening wouldn't be such a bad idea not only categorizing drugs or alcohol but you never know by getting that mental health screen there can be something so minor or major you wasn't aware of and you can go to the doctor or hospital to get that special need taking care of for instance pregnancy, skin disease, chicken pox, or even diabetics that didn't know you had and is diagnosed with diabetes.
this seems like a great idea but the app may tend to have glitches and can have technical problems. And also people come and go so not everybody will know that this app exsist and not everyone has a smart phone and has access to this app. the doctors time he spends with his patients varys so he may not always be on time for the next patient thats why there are so many people waiting in the waiting room. everyone has their own clinical problems but if the doctor can at least spend with each patient for 30 minutes it will help with the waiting time for the other patients.
generic brand contain most of the same ingriedents as the original prescription. the reason there are generic brands is because of the obvious that it is cheaper and easier to get access to, as over the counter medications. many drugs are now becoming more afordable because it is over the counter. the down side is some people use drugs as recreational use. i believe that pharmacist should become more stricter when people go and buy medications that are over the counter to restrain the people of using it as a recreational drug. 
Everyone should have the same health care to cover medical needs. Just the financial aid depends on your income and other expenses you pay. People should have the same oppurtunity in receiving health care needs.
government programs such as Care Now are available to everyone. These programs should be more advertised so people can go and seek medical attention. And if there problem is severe the people that work for care now should find the nearest and cheapest doctor to see their problem.
I agree. they probably go to seminars with other doctors worldwide and get their updated information through there. And if they don't, they should make up seminars for these doctors to go to.
Going to the dentist office can get very pricey just depending on what you need to get done. These dentist should have some of payment plan if you can not pay the total amount. I know when you get braces there are payment plans but even then the total amount that each person pays is not the same. So just depending on the doctor they should regulate payment plans.
I completely agree, if the word isnt spread about such programs then their benefit wont be taken. Advertising more programs wouldnt be a bad idea.
I think that also having up-to-date equipment is necessary and training doctors how to properly use them is a good idea. Most equipment doctors use are out-of-date and sometimes they encounter problems with the equipment.
I agree. All health care should also be equal price, no matter if you have different medical insurances.
Maybe they can also offer discounts to clients that are in medical need regularly.
There should also be a designated time as to how much time a doctor should spend in the room with the person in need, so the person in need wont feel like the doctor is rushing out of the room. That way they can actually ask the doctor all the information they want to know.
I agree. You cant rule out surgeries you think arent eligible for coverage.
Waiting lists seem to be a problem as well, therefore, we should also try to expand hospitals, or at least create more.
Drug companies should have to account for how much is spent on R&D vs how much is spent on marketing to justify the cost of any drug.
Drugs that are safe should be made OTC sooner to lower the cost
Doctor's malpractice costs should be capped, both by limiting court judgements and insurance premiums, to lower healthcare costs
The government should offer a basic healthcare coverage policy to all Americans regardless of employment or income level.
Americans should be able to use the healthcare provider of their choice to improve the quality by keeping it competative
The money spent on marketing healtcare options and prescription drugs should be redirected in the system
People who can afford it (the wealthy) should be incouraged to self insure
companies should be incouraged to self insure their employee through government inscentives.  This should also make them for competative by attracting more & better employees
Some of the red-tape for healthcare providers should be streamlined.  When having surgery, they have to spend a lot of time going over repetative liability waivers which wastes time and resources
Insurance companies should be better regulated and not making such outrages profits for what little they do to make healthcare better
The way it is now the people on either end (poor & wealthy) have the most government assistance
The move from large metropolitan hospitals to smaller regional facilities is a move in the right direction because it provides more access, higher quality, and is more cost effective
The branding of pharmaceuticals drives the price up with marketing and other things.  All Rx should go straight to the generic.
i agree. generics are the same chemical compounds and have the same effectiveness as the name brand.  The difference is that other companies can not make the generic as long as the company with the name brands patent is in effect.  This is to reward them for the R&D required to develop the drug.  But I'm afraid those companies spend more on marketing than R&D and that they are making profits way beyond either the R&D or marketing costs
Eventhough specialist have spent more on education, the difference in what they make & what the GP makes for seeing more of the population is unreasonable.  I don't believe in price fixing either by the gov't or insurance companies, but there has to be some way to bring their incomes more in line
Mental health has to be more of a priority at the most basic levels of healthcare because of it's impact on general health and well being
Additional healthcare cost for people with undiagnosed/untreated depression could be reduced
this is a good idea, it would create more jobs also, but the downside is that it may increase prices of medical expenses because there will be more doctors to pay and hospitals/doctors offices to keep up
should send papers home to be read over and signed before arriving the day of surgery.
i know for a fact that some generics arent as good quality as the name brand. so in the case of your health, its better to spend the money on the name brand when needed. you should do a lot of research and talk to your doctor before using generic Rx brands
we cant punish those who make more money, wanting what they have should be a reason to work harder and i think pushes some people to achieve better things for themselves in life.
a solution may be to add on to hospitals, expand and add a few doctors and staff instead of building whole new hospitals, this might cut down on the cost but help with time spent waiting.
agreed, some people may take advantage of this system though and "forget" to pay on time, so maybe setting regulations like if you miss payment twice then you have to come up with the payment in full for all medical expenses. if this happens more than 2 times, then you wont have the ability to use the payment plan option
if able to make full payment at time of surgery or doctors visit, they should encourage patients to do so.
More aerobic classes should be added to the hospital setting such as cardio, calorie burn, and toning period there are some aerobic classes that are conducted in the hospital but more should be stressed in the setting of a hospital which would make people take their health more seriously which includes a whole floor only for exercises I feel would be a great idea especially if it is doctor's orders but shouldn't be limited to only the doctor's approval it would be great if you wanted to exercise what better way to do it in the hospital building.
Medical bills are very expensive especially doing with the different surgeries you can possibly have some people can make their full payments on the other hand, you have to think about people that aren't able to pay in full surgeries should be exempt from payments in my own opinion like heart surgery some hospitals may allow it depending on the circumstance and some may not. Payment plans is also an option like stated before there are a lot of people that can not afford to pay in full and those that are well off can and should pay in full.
Now everything is online such as making payment plans which is useful for when you don't have time to pay at the actual doctor's office but I agree with the payment paid in full if you miss the payment twice but I would still have the payment plan option available since the option was already in affect anyway.
I would also like to build on for mental disabilities.Some or most facilities such as doctors offices or dentist offices may not have the coverage plan that the patient has. They should make an exception to them since they do have a disability and may not afford since they have other expenses to attend to.
I would personally feel intimidated, because of such location, and I would also feel that the workplace would not be taken as serious as it should be if there were a floor dedicated to exercising.
It should be mandatory to have a degree to be able to work in a doctors office. Such big responsibility has to have an education on what you are doing.
Not everyone uses up all their medications. it should be implemented to return all non-used drugs to the pharmacies, so their won't be any misuse of the drug. Also maybe by returning all non-used drug they can have like a discount or something to persuade them to return non-used drug.
I agree many individuals get the medications and dont even use them or all of it. Returning the drug to the pharmacies is a good idea because most clients end up throwing their medications away or selling it.
I agree, i know of multiple medical assistants that have done "mistakes" while working in the office because they dont have all the medical knowledge information needed.
Clinics should also be open long hours like hospitals and people shouldn't neglect clinics. If you dont have a severe problem we should recommend clinics to patients.
I agree, a payment plan is always a good idea and should be allowed to all clients that meet certain requirements though.
education is an important part of healthcare that is often over-looked or not taken far enough in depth.  teen pregnancy is a real public health issue, but teens aren't getting all of the info they need because everyone thinks information may equate to permission.  we see that they already feel they have the permission so why not give the real facts and options that are out there
we need a comprehensive basic plan to cover preventative care for everyone to improve general health & well being.  early diagnosis saves money spent on more costly procedures, good dental hygiene prevents many health problems and having more face time with patients to reinforce things like the benefits of exercise and nutrition as well as the harm of being overweight & smoking would reduce later costs to the system
if the government covered the basics, then people could get private insurance for themselves or through their work to cover more severe health needs.  need to use such plans should be reduced by better basic care and therefore the cost for such plans should be more reasonable
the trend to smaller clinics in accessible locations with more convenient hours seems to be a move in the right directions. these clinics could offer their own membership plans like a health club where you pay so much a month and you can get basic services there at a reduced price
it shouldn't just be an open floor like if you were to go to LA Fitness or something like that, they need trained specialists to help you with your specific needs, and you should only be allowed to use the amenities at the hospital if you have a doctors note. maybe have to make appointments and only so many people can be in the gym at once. so you don't feel as intimidated and you can have more time with an instructor/trainer. ex: 20 people per every hour and half. (depending on how the workout floor ends up being)
workouts should be given as "prescription" just like drugs are. physical health is just as important and the only time your required to "workout" by a doctor shouldn't be just for rehab after surgeries.
maybe have 2 sections to the gym. an open floor where people who feel comfortable can workout on their own (still need doc note) and then a more private section where only a few people at a time can work out with a trained professional that can help them, or just for the privacy. but you have to make appointments for the private section.
Prior to prescription drugs prescribed by the doctor like a large dose of some kind should only be prescribed once and only once especially drugs in the type 1 category like morphine or something of that nature sometimes patients abuse the privilege of taking high dose drugs and do other personal things with them.
I agree like for instance, some patients or even schools are now afraid to talk about topics such as teen pregnancy and using protection in the fear that the teens or people from middle to high school might think its okay to try certain things if it is being addressed already. Children(depending on age) on up to teenagers need to be informed on certain things if it isn't already addressed at home first that way they are more educated about the topic and more likely not to engage in such activity.
It would be nice to exempt certain surgeries for payment but that is not the way the system is set up that's why insurance comes in handy but not everyone has insurance and for the ones that don't surgery is very expensive and would really be a burden on some that can not afford to pay off the expenses.
I agree. But it would be hard because the patient may not take initiative and go exercise, like some patients sometimes skip medications, the patients might "skip" and not workout.
senior citizens should have a basic payment plan for their own healthcare since they are receiving social security money every month.
People are very hesitant on going to the doctor when they are not feeling well, what should be done is make it mandatory to go to the doctor like every three months for a checkup and it will make them not be so hesitant the next time they actually do get sick.
This would be hard to do since doctors and nurses also do have at home responsibilities. But it is probably that doctors to have an email and patients can regard any questions they have and send them an email.
completely agree, most teens arent aware of all the outcomes of sex, they think that if they use protection they'll be safe from any diseases or pregnancy. I understand most parents dont want the school to teach sex ed. but action needs to be taken with all the baby bumps going around high schools and even now middle schools.
We can also monitor hospitals to see how the nurses are treating patients, how doctors perform, etc. Even with cameras, a lot goes on in hospitals that most people neglect. Hospitals are working environments where you need to have a fast working pace.
Thats true most clients are hesitant to go to the doctor and tend to wait until the symptoms they are feeling worsen and by then the problem they might encounter can become very severe.
There are already programs at the major pharmacies for returning non-used Rx because of the negative environmental impact to the water supply.  Obviously, there needs to be more/better publicity for these services.  Possibly a small incentive like discounts or coupons would get more ppl to participate
Building on this, there should be an incentive plan for those who engage in healthy behavior.  For those ppl that take advantage of such exercise facilities, they should get free/discounted basic preventative services from the facility.  Engaging in healthy exercise should make them need less advanced healthcare.  The free/discounted additional medical services would be another incentive to engage in the exercise.  They would have to actually use the exercise facilities not just belong to receive the reward
There would have to be an incentive because insurance companies most likely would not want to cover such Rx eventhough it would be to there advantage saving payments for more costly procedures later on.
The inconvenience and expense have an impact on ppl waiting sometimes longer than necessary.  A triage system like used in emergency rooms might help when making appts for a gp.  Maybe having a nurse practioner see more of the less severe cases at a reduced rate.  Many facilities already use a nurse practioner for screening but i don't know if pt are aware or if there is much of a discount
Providing easily accessable, inexpensive services at the most basic levels and making the public aware of the availability seems key to reducing costs for more severe, expensive services later on.
