make healthcare more affordable
Universal healthcare. I think Canada and Denmark have universal healthcare. The US could reform its healthcare system using one or more of these countries as a prototype.
Make the interior of hospitals less depressing.
Improve quality of hospital food.
Expedite wait times in emergency rooms.
Improve quality of nursing homes and closely monitor the employees treatment of its residents to curb elderly abuse.
Require doctors or nurses to explain the specifics (side effects, etc.) of pharmaceuticals, as well as alternative medications to patients before prescribing them.
Doctors could start making house calls again.
Include America's healthcare system as a topic in the government class curricullum in high schools
Doctors should ask about mental health at their patients regular check ups and refer them to therapy or other treatments when necessary
As well as the long-term effects of medication. Such as the psychological effects of prolonged use of ADHD medications.
Learning about the healthcare system at an early age could enable students to think of new ideas in order to improve the system in the future.
The U.S healthcare system should be like Canada's healthcare system.
Hospitals should look for cheaper methods they could use that are as efficient as the expensive methods to cure their patients
If we cannot have a universal healthcare system like Canada or other countries, then we should make healthcare affordable to all citizens.
Pharmaceuticals should be aware of all the medications being prescribed at their pharmacy so that they do not harm anyone with the new products.  In other words new products should be tested so that people do not get sick from them and then need medical attention because of it.
Laws should be made to secure anything that will prevent anyone from not getting the healthcare they need.
Emergency room services should be at an equal service to all patients.
Cut off the expenses that are unnecessary
Using the prototype healthcare of another county could help the US with the framework of a new healthcare system. Possibly making it better and more efficient all citizens.
Hospitals should spend less on the look of the hospital, but more on how their services are given equal to their patients.
Improve waiting lines for sick patients.
Unless everyone agrees to put on the effort to make healthcare for everyone, well then everyone should have access to it. But if they do not then they have the right to exclude them from it.
Depending on how severe someone is hurt then they should be skipped to the front of the line. If they medical attention that you need is not as an emergency then you should be willing to let others get treated first.
Get a public figure to encourage citizen in raising up money that will be used only on keeping US citizens healthy, or at least helping them get the medical attention that is needed at all times.
By all means if you have the money to get at the front of the line, well they better pay double so that money can circulate and it can be used for other medical expenses.
they should make it a different system to be seen in a emergency room, because you arent there to wait you have an emergency so obviously need to be seen quickly. In and out service. maybe get more doctors for the emergency room
I believe sick people should be treated at a doctors office so they could take up less room in the emergency room so the people with broken bones, severe chest pains, and serious stuff besides a cold or flu or whatever can be treated quicker.
they should make insurance plans affordable to anyone and everyone because this is a reason why hospitals are constantly backed up. Because not everyone can afford to pay a doctor.
do away with obamacare and start from scratch by looking at reality now, not seeing how to improve what we already have.
definitely yes, you are paying good money for your dear old loved one to be taken care of and payed attention to, so that is the obvious reason they are in there in the first place because some families only have time to visit not enough time to check on their meds and health 24/7
i think the same that hospitals should worry less about the architecture of their building unless they are accommodating on the number of rooms for patients rather than the style or appearance of the place to save money on decorations and spend it on equipment
make healthcare more accessible to immigrants who are becoming citizens because they are coming here for equal opportunity in which they dont get i their previous country so they obviously deserve health insurance, not for free but just given a better opportunity to achieve it like any other citizen of the US
equal rights for sure across the board and across stratification levels in society
Hospitals are going paperless so heavy use of technology such as flat screens, table cart computers, bar codes, and tablets are really helping the physicians to retrieve the patients' medical records faster.
they should be given equal medical treatment even if it means most people are not being able to pay for the hospital bills.
Hospitals are actually going paperless so they are installing many computers and flat screens.
It is more manageable to track down patients' medical records from computer than piles of copy paper.
Totally agree, this way the young generation will be open to ideas for future.
Also the costs of the medications and alternate ways to pay for it.
The doctors should be able to interact with the patients easily.
Healthcare System should be talked about more than how it really is right now. Most people do not know much about the healthcare system and it should be known to them as it affects them.
Healthcare isn't necessarily secure for elderly people.
It should be quick too, less waiting time for the patients.
Hospitals should be an affordable place for sick people who believe they can get better by the doctors.
The pharmacist should explain to the patients thoroughly about the medications like when to take it and with what or the side-effects of the medications.
Everyone should get equal medical attention so it should not matter if one is wealthy or poor.
I've always thought this should be put in place. The only problem I could see would be that maybe taxes would have to be raised so that the doctors and nurses would still make money to live on.
again the only way we could do this is to raise taxes.
they do this already. The medicine cannot be widely distributed if it has major side affects that make the patient worse.
This is a good idea. If you have a minor cut that needs to be stitched and someone comes in with a limb cut off or something just as severe, they should get treatment first.
the only problem with this is that if someone has no medical insurance a normal doctor will not see them and their only option is the emergency room. That's why healthcare reform is needed.
that way more minds will have more ideas about what to do with our healthcare. Also, more people will be informed about it.
The healthcare system should be taught in high school, like in government or something.
This way maybe more citizens would try to fix the flaws the healthcare system has.
They should hire more doctors, that way everyone has an equal opportunity to be attended by one
Nurses should be required to know as much as a doctor that way they can be more useful whenever a doctor is not there.
Students in high school should be encouraged to look for ways to improve the US healthcare, that way in the future something will be actually done for it.
Intensify a committee that will find the perfect healthcare system for the US.
Get more people involved in the flaws that US has rather than foreign ones.
It's not the rich people's fault that they can afford doctors, Americans should worry about ways to save money so that they too can afford doctors or invest that money to improve the way it is spent in the medical fields to help cure people.
Before we try to fix our healthcare system we should fix the things that are preventing us from improving it overall. Which is the whole money problem.
Instead of loosing territory to new Wal-Mart's we should use that territory to build new hospitals or clinics.
Require all doctors to do a certain amount of pro bono work on special cases like sick children whose family's cannot afford medical treatment.
Increase funding on stem cell research.
The U.S. should do away with abstinence-only education in high schools, and start teaching safe sex practices. Teenagers are going to have sex no matter what so they should be well informed on methods of contraception so they can adequately protect themselves from STDs and unplanned pregnancies.
Legalize abortion in all states and make it more affordable.
Find a way to increase money funds so that the hospitals can use them in order to promote better care.
There should be seperate and smaller community groups that is working on this health care plan and also publicizing more of this topic in the news so that people can know what is going on.
The waiting is too long for emergency care. May be they should start improving with the emergency unit first.
even if they build hospitals and clinics it will be no use if people cant afford to go.
there should be like programs for poor people who can apply to get help in paying for the medical bills.
Basically, everything revolves around money so they should think first about how to distribute money.
The workers of the hospitals should be friendly and reliable because many of them dont smile and it does really hurt the reputation of the hospitals.
There should also be diversity in workers because it might be easier for patients to interact more with workers that are from same place. Increase diversity.
US could use Canada as an example and if they find some flaws in Canada, they could always improve that part in US.
People should be given the care they deserve.
Medical practice should be given equally to everyone despite how their look, their age, gender, and wealth.
i have recently learned that obama passed a law for birthcontrol to be free, i believe if you have insurance, so i believe everyone should have a fair chance of free birthcontrol like people with insurance.
they should also make the hospital for people with major problems, not for people who have a cold or flu or something to that extent. It is annoying when you are trying to get a broken body part looked at and you have to wait in line behind the people who cant afford normal doctors so they take up space in the EMERGENCY room. in other words they should reform hospital standards and change rates on health insurance so the poor people that go to the emergency room for a cough, can instead go to a family doctor.
i think that those commercials like Everest those online schools make it to easy for people to get out in the medical field, whether it be a receptionist of just a nurses aid. I think that the medical field should require degrees with top notch nursing programs and up. Even UTA for example, it is smaller than UT A&M but we still have a wonderful program. Can you really trust people that graduate from online schools. Yeah they can pass a MCAT but by how many points? Raise the passing percentage of the medical field tests to make sure we are getting quality doctors handling our LIVES.
I 100% agree fully with this. One problem at a time. i think we should focus on getting out of debt first.
quit spending money on putting mcdonalds on every corner of every street too.
Health care system should crack down more on the obesity in schools. We are becoming a nation where its socially acceptable to be fat and die fat. its disgusting, and saddening to think that other nations stereotype us Americans as a bunch of fat people. It is seriously not hard to teach good nutrition in schools and make nutritious meals without making them taste disgusting and fake as they do now.
Create an app for emergency rooms and other medical facilities that allow patients to check in and fill out all the usual paperwork digitally. This would cut down on paper costs and potentially make the check in process at hospitals more efficient. Perhaps include features like estimated wait time or allow the patient to see the number of people waiting ahead of them.
Legalize marijuana for medicinal use in the U.S.
People would not feel secure if someone who graduated online is treating them.
Legalizing marijuana is an issue in US which should be taken care of soon. Marijuana is good for medical purpose so if it is legalized then it should be legalized only in hospitals.
I think this is a great idea, we will be saving trees and patients.
I agree that it could be hard for people to trust someone who graduated from an online school.
Get rid of online medical programs, because people need to be training with hands on experience.
Almost everyone has iphone or ipads or technology of some sort. They could use these technologies to help them have a healthy lifestyle. For example, they could download the apps in their phones which provide their BMI check up or weight check up for free. This could really help many from less hospitals visits.
If some people cannot afford being treated, then they won't be able to afford buying the technology to do this.
Now the people who really care about their health have many ways to keep them in shape. The apps in the phones have exercising routines from which people can follow up 20 min everyday and be healthy for coming years ahead of them.
I think that the amount of restaurants in US is really making everywhere else to think that the US is a fat country.
The people should be required to volunteer more hours in the hospitals so that they are experienced.
There is really no excuse to not being healthy. Even an app can help out a person, so idk why so many people complain about not being in shape. It is all a matter of choice and action.
I think that the field tests should be very practical because we learn by experience and not just by memorizing the books.
A diverse environment inside hospitals would help people be more accepting with other races. It would help patients be friendly to people they have never interacted with.
They could create an app that everyone can afford and its only one-time buying too so that everyone can use it whenever they want without buying it each time.
We are way to involved in foreign affairs. Like hurricane Katrina, the first people to actually show up and help were Canadian officers and Cubans I believe, where were the American federals? Something doesnt seem right there.
Definitely need to get rid of online medical programs. It is way to easy to get a degree in medical fields and have no hands on experience. It is very scary to think people without in school degrees and internships are handling our nations patients!
And in that, the government should do something about health insurance for the poor to keep them out of emergency rooms and in with family doctors or Quick Care services to make room for people who actually need emergency care. Most hospitals are filled with sniffling/ coughing people who go there just because they cant afford a doctor and therefore taking up emergency room doctors time of treating actual emergency patients.
Bingo! Our government needs to realize yes we are an open nation and that is great! But as an open nation we should have the number one priority of focusing on our growing nation and accommodating to the needs of Americans because we are all here for one thing and that is to achieve the American Dream.
Personally, I think that if doctors and nurses, etc. were on a government paycheck like police officers or firemen then it would be easier to give health care to anyone who needs it, rather than the people who can afford it.
this is not true for all birth control. If it's true at all. I take birth control every day and I pay $50 a month for it. WITH insurance.
we don't pay for that? the Mcdonald's cooperation, or the people who own that land pay for the Mcdonald's to be built. The reason that big companies like Walmart and Fast food chains are more common than hospitals is because they have the money to pay for the land and the development of the buildings.
exactly. I went to the J-spot seminar a few weeks ago and the speaker showed a video of what sex education is like in MIDDLE schools in parts of Europe, and it was more education about sex than I saw in high school. It talked about the different parts of the sexual organs and how you're supposed to treat them. Also, about stds and things you shouldn't do during sex to make sure you're safe.
The only problem is that the person has to be qualified. I'm not about to take myself or a loved one to a doctor with no experience.
Honestly, the only way healthcare reform is going to happen is if there is money to do it. The only way I can see that happening is if the government spends less on the military and useless goods that no one really needs from other countries and starts focusing more on it's own problems rather than the rest of the world's. Start manufacturing the medication here in the US to make it more affordable. Educate US citizens and give them scholarships to go to medical school rather than people who are only here to get an education then move back to their own country. We need to focus on ourselves before we try and give our time and money to other places in the world.
The people who need healthcare the most and can't afford it would not be able to afford technology at all.
They can't download an affordable app if they don't have the device the app is available for. Not everyone owns an iphone or an android.
If the people who need the healthcare reformed the most don't really care then nothing will change. It needs to be more widely educated so that people know what options are available to them.
I don't understand why people who are here illegally need to be treated in the hospitals that our money pays for. They sit in the emergency room with a cold because they can't get insurance to go to a regular doctor and this takes away from the people who are in an actual emergency with appendicitis or something worse. I understand that they came here to get a better life, etc. but if someone I love dies in an emergency room because a bunch of illegal immigrants were taking up the beds I'd be very very upset.
this would not be quicker. it would be more stressful for doctors and nurses, and they would be in such a rush to get to every patient that they could miss minor details in a persons health that could be deadly.
