There should be a predetermined weight measurement for males and females (considering heights, bone mass, family history) and if they were to be beyond it, they should pay a tax so that the incentive to remaining overweight/obese is removed.
Emergency room services could be faster with more nurses and doctors tending to more patients thus reducing the amount of waiting room buildup.
Health in an individual should determine their health insurance payments. The healthier one is, the less they pay. This would create an incentive to remain healthy.
Free/reduced screenings for things (breast cancer, prostate cancer, etc.) should be more greatly communicated so that a majority of the surrounding population would be aware of it and take advantage of the opportunity.
Pharmaceutical companies could be taxed each time they release a new medication so that over-prescribing antibiotics and forcing people to pay an immense amount of money for medicine could be reduced.
When determining eligibility for government health insurance, other factors should be considered instead of just income and amount of children.
Or the amount that could be saved could be placed into a private retirement account.
Students should be required to take more credits of physical education and health to be better educated about their bodies.
Children should have more recess time.
More specifically, they should be taught about current nutrition guidelines in their PE courses to address the obesity epidemic. Nutrition courses should be provided at 7th grade and again in secondary school (9-12).
Health care professionals should be on a rating system nationwide to ensure professionalism when dealing with patients. This could be online, like a "ratemyprofessor" type system which rates on several aspects of the professional. This way patients can look up their doctors online before choosing them, and automatically the standard for quality care will increase because of demand.
have automated / self-service screenings, scannings like MRIs, X-Rays, and such guided by a computer to reduce cost of labor (except for the actual examination of the results which are provided by the doc)
tax the wealthy (350k annual income) at a 5% increase to reduce costs of simple procedures only
Low-income families (parent and child) should be granted cheaper health care service or insurance. Either flat-rate reduction from the hospital or reduced insurance prices from the insurance companies. This discount can be limited (say, one annual visit) to avoid abuse.
provide extensive, long-term payment plans that are more flexible with interest equal to inflation.
Also free/reduced screenings for students of all ages from the elementary to the university level should be given 1 free annual check-up and reduced screenings after the first initial screening.
Also, similar to a "ratemyprofessor" website/system, there could be a national website similar to "webmd.com" in which one can check their symptoms and assess whether a doctor's visit is necessary to cut down on costs. The information being provided for the website will be accurate so as to narrow down other information that could conflict when searching for medical symptoms on the internet.
Low-income should pay a certain amount per doctor's visit, mid-income increased from there, and high-income charged the most with income being the only factor in determining health insurance coverage and costs. (For example: cost per visit could be $15, $35, and $55 or something along those lines.)
Emergency room services should have the largest staff (more doctors) to properly assess each individual before turning them away.
There should be more small clinics built locally to reduce the build up in hospitals and larger doctors offices.
Enrolled students should have opportunities to receive free health care benefits, it would bring in more students, better grades, and higher education. So of course the probable way to do this would be to require students to maintain a certain GPA to ensure responsibility. Also have better health care depending on how high the GPA is.
It would be good if healthcare gave people a goal as well, such as reward people for being healthy, like along the lines of a certain health insurance company (I can't think of the name) that gives you a device to monitor how many steps you take and you get a small reward for so many steps achieved in a day/week. And this can be as small as a discount to doctor visits or how much you pay for health insurance
Make health care cheaper or perhaps more available for the fully employed. And make it possible to have some sort of health care for all jobs who hire full time.
People who are retired should get free healthcare when they are not able to afford it
There needs to be certain "rules" when applying for free/reduced healthcare. It shouldn't be for anyone.
Nurses shouldn't determine how good they take care of their patients by their patients' insurance.
Also, when someone fills out the paperwork the first time they are taken to the ER, it should be kept on file so they don't have to fill out the same paperwork the next time they are there unless there needs to be some changes to the files. This will decrease the waiting time.
Every hospital should be required to have the most updated machinery. This will prevent faulty tests.
Also, they should receive annual check ups for either free or reduced pay.
Doctors need to assess their patients more carefully to prevent people from being prescribed medications that they abuse or don't need.
They should require someone to take a drug test (testing for illegal drugs) to determine whether or not someone is able to receive free/reduced healthcare. Because if they are doing drugs then they don't have good health and obviously don't care if they have good health.
Pharmaceutical companies should pay a tax each time they output new medicine to reduce the over prescribing of medicine and high medicine cost.
Or the patient could keep a copy of their files and bring it each time they need to visit the ER. This could help keep everything organized since so many people go through the ER each day and keeping all the paperwork on file could be difficult.
Having more doctors available could help this so that they have the time to really assess a patient instead of running around trying to get to everybody.
This could be done by keeping the patient's insurance information confidential from the nurse by having another person designated for any insurance information/claims.
The teachers required to teach should be certified in teaching nutrition (i.e. degree in nutrition/fitness/ etc.) instead of coaches who teach the course just to coach a sport.
Something should be done to reduce those who take advantage of any benefits they receive. There should be a screening process to determine where their income goes to see if one is truly eligible for health insurance benefits.
And they should have certain regulations for the people who don't work full time and need insurance.
Agreed. A free drug test. If that drug test is failed, then they would have to wait an entire year to be able to apply for annual healthcare again. If the drug test is passed, then the first screening should be free.
They could also take a little away from their insurance for every couple of pounds they are over weight.
Or they could get bonus checks that contain all of the money they saved by being healthy to show that staying healthy pays off.
And if they aren't spending their money right, their benefits should be minimized or taken away until they can learn how to spend their money.
Maybe the minimum GPA is a 2.5 and it would be the most basic healthcare or for a minimum cost of, say, $10. Then, GPA's higher than a 3.0 receive a free screening, reduced costs on tests, medication, etc.
They should also somehow broadcast the symptoms of some of the common cancers so that people can identify their symptoms and go to the doctor sooner. They could do this with commercials, magazines, newspapers, radio, etc.
Maybe an assessment for mental instability to ensure that there isn't a possibility of becoming addicted to a certain drug due to certain tendencies.
They should be required to take a drug test.
They should at least get free or reduced annual check ups.
Healthcare could be cheaper for full-time employees, and it could also be offered to part-time employees for a different cost per visit or as necessary. A lot of part-time jobs don't offer a healthcare provider for their part-time employees; A lot of part-time employees are students at a university who need healthcare benefits also.
That would be good, or to at least put the individual on probation or have an increase percentage of monthly pay for health insurance
Also a credit check on an individual could possibly award an individual cheaper health care or factors such as a good driving record
I agree with the fact that children should be given more times for physical activities, so an extra health class along with P.E and recess should help
Funds should be given to schools to have healthier cafeteria food as well
Perhaps instead of a negative tax (money being taken away), we can provide some sort of positive reinforcement to provide incentive to remain healthy and smart. Incentives include discounts, coupons, refunds, returns. Things like that because we know we can't just give away money.
Students in high school when taking their fitness tests could be challenged to increase their performance (and thus their fitness) as time goes on, and be provided incentives to do so. Simple things like a free party, or better yet, a day outside could be an award.
In order to combat diabetes and heart disease, both of which are deadly conditions in America, we could make the fitness community more popular. Youtube and television programs are already gaining popularity with Dr. Oz and amateur youtube stars. If awareness is spread of fitness, more people would be less likely to fall ill to complications like heart disease and diabetes. Appeals to many different types of audiences would need to be tried. For kids, maybe, the focus should be how physical activity can be fun and friendly. For adults, say we focus on the logical health benefits to being fit. And young adults perhaps the aesthetic appeal to being healthy. put the adverts where sedentary people would see them (in video games, at the store, tv, whatever).
They should do a drug test or background check on everyone before prescribing them medicine. They need to come up with a shot that can be used instead of pain medicine for all of the people that failed. That way the doctors can still give them pain medicine but it cannot be abused.
They could also be rewarded with homework passes or test bonus points.
The school/teachers could do fundraisers to help with this cost also.
They should be required to run one mile every week. On the other days, they could play fun games to keep them from getting burned out and not liking PE anymore.
Agreed. Some factors like good driving record, good background check, and a healthy weight could be awarded with cheaper/reduced health care.
It should be required every year during junior high and high school instead of just one credit for 3-4 years.
This will give them more time to "play" and work off the food they just ate.
I agree and also events for school wide marathon competition or fitness courses with a variety of awards. Fitness is just as important as education and things like this should be enforced
It would be good include more physical activity choices for schools as well, such as different sports, swim team, wrestling, martial arts and others in more school to encourage better fitness and make it fun
Maybe even offer free workout programs on YouTube. (Things that resemble Insanity or P90x but doesn't cost anything.)
Health insurance could have requirements to have an annual check up with doctors to evaluate health by physical tests. If the individual can achieve a certain standard that aligns with a healthy balance and lifestyle, cost could be discounted for a certain amount of time until the following check up. If failed, no discount until one returns and proves otherwise
School districts need to learn how to budget. In most cases, other programs get greater funding. Like in some schools, more money might go towards the football department instead of the math department. They need to figure out what is more beneficial for the majority of students and budget around that.
There should also be some activities that aren't sport based. Not all students have the time to dedicate themselves to too many things so maybe something like a P.E. class with a certain emphasis can be created. For example, a swimming class but necessarily doing things as part of a team like a water aerobics class.
Healthier foods should be enforced in restaurants, especially fast food. Even though most establish a low calorie menu, it still is not necessarily good to eat. So I think there should be a bigger push in that direction to help health
Agreed. There should be more than one healthy option at each fast food restaurant. Or maybe, there should be a fast food chain dedicated directly to healthier option like Snappy Salads.
Agreed. A lot of students would much rather eat a bag of chips and a coke for lunch than eat the cafeteria food being served to the rest of the student body because the food is not remotely healthy. Healthier options should be given instead of cheesy, greasy foods.
All school levels should require PE for every year of school from elementary until high school. Those playing sports could take another class separate from the rest of the students to practice on that sport and not intimidate those who are not equally as well.
