you should be able to pay what you can afford
the higher income the better health care services
surgeries and operations should not be as expensive so the average person can afford them
mentally ill people should have a cheaper insurance because they'll need it a lot more
and physically disabled
free health care services for college students on campus
medicine shouldn't be so expensive
free refills on prescriptions
nursing homes need to make sure their nurses are taking good care of the patients
people should be able to create their own health carer plan
all schools wheel chair accessible
that would be more convenient for most people
the health industry is a multi-billion dollar industry, they do not want people getting healthier, if most people are healthy, then who will buy their dangerous side effect pills?  in order to end a lot of illness, there should be a focus on what is really causing a certain illness and treating that, not masking it with a pill that in the long run will make the person more ill and possibly kill them. 
a big focus should be in preventive care, most of the illnesses that people are facing today can be prevented
there should be more education about medical procedures and surgeries, for example, some operations that cost a lot of money are not really necessary, but the individual may feel that he or she does not have a choice, so they go through with it and end up in high debt.  sometimes doctors won't say anything because thousands of dollars to their bank accounts would do them no harm. 
the main thing that people should focus on is staying active, eating healthy, getting enough sleep, getting their regular exams done by their doctors, etc.  as opposed to what the focus is right now, which is just taking all types of medications and living an unhealthy lifestyle in general.  the health and fitness industry is very misleading though, so there should be an increase in education so people can rule out the false information.   
in regards to emergency room services, sometimes patients are forced to leave before time from the hospital by doctors, especially if the patients do not have insurance, this can lead to the patients suffering from further illnesses.  that needs to be addressed. 
insurances can be very misleading, sometimes people pay insurance companies for years only to find out that when they need the insurance it does not cover them for whatever reason.  knowledge is surely power when it comes to things like that.  education is key so people know what exactly are they paying for. 
developing new technology to improve health can benefit (and will benefit) a lot of people.  according to the news, $100 million will be used to study the brain, so hopefully we can learn more about it, since it's very important and we can also be able to prevent and cure diseases such as Alzheimer and other types of mental illness.
people should work to earn healthcare benefits
students should have some health benefits
some patients can get even sicker from hospitals. we should take more precautions in cleaning hospitals
nursing homes should have nurses that love and respect patients
universal health care should not be available in the US because people who do not work already depend on welfare. If universal health care is passed, then these people would also depend on that
we should make more jobs in the healthcare industry because people are always going to be sick.
health care workers should be paid more
calorie labels in fast food and restaurant chains should be mandatory so that people will know what they are eating
maintaining your physical well-being is important. everyone should eat healthy and exercise to prevent obesity, heart diseases, etc.
It is important that we make our children exercise instead of just letting them watch tv all day
everyone should have an opportunity/right to receive health care
medication shouldn't be expensive, it should have a price that that person can afford
to have the ambulance come to your home shouldn't be expensive
everyone isn't able to afford health care so there should be an alternative to receiving it
nursing homes need much better care, a lot of people in this world don't want their parents, grandparents, etc. to go to a nursing home because the nurses don't take care of the patients and do what they're supposed to do.
more people would be able to afford health care
because of that reason, people don't want to send their parents/grandparents/etc. to nursing homes
if the price of insurance was based on income, that might make the world a better place and make the situation fair
or free health care for all who receive an education from any accredited school
only do procedures that are necessary
people have to remember that everybody isn't able, everybody doesn't live a lavish life, everybody doesn't have money coming in like that, everyone should receive some type of health care to promote the well-being of Americans
taking care of ourselves prevents a lot of problems
technology plays a major role in health care
doctors and nurses need to have a passion for their work/job, some are just there for the money
Adding onto this, I think that employers should provide health care services of some sort to all regular employees. Ideally the government would provide a basic, low-cost health care service to all citizens while employers included better (possibly more advanced/higher coverage) plans in addition to it.
To improve general health care, I think that First Aid/general medical knowledge classes outside of biology should be taught in public schools. If students/citizens had a clearer grasp on basic medical conditions/treatments, health care services would be relied on less as a crutch. Along with this, as an idea, household treatments could be discussed in these classes. (such as gargling salt water for a sore throat instead of pumping more money into pharmacies for prescriptions)
If there were a way to ensure that a person could afford medical services with a ratio proportionate to their income, this would be fantastic. What if there were an option on tax forms (or somewhere convenient where everyone has the opportunity to) where it gives the option to donate towards lower income surgeries?
It is common knowledge that corporate employees of a business make literally hundreds of times more than scantily paid lower-level employees. With that in mind, what if there were a maximum wage employed to go alongside the minimum wage? With a more equally distributed propagation of profits, more people could afford more. Why struggle more than we have to? The monster that stands in the way is greed. Anyway... Ideally, CEOs would still make enough of their share to afford their extra cake/comfortability while entry-level employees would actually be able to afford the health care the companies boast about offering. If there were some type of ratio that limited how much a business owner could make versus a cashier, I'd be for it. Example: At a time, Ben and Jerry's ice cream company had a 7 to 1 ratio. (The numbers off the top of my head might not be exact, but it is the point that matters.) At any time, the owners could only make seven times more than the lower workers. That certainly beats other more common CEOS that make 578 times more than their wage slaves who sweat for $7.25 today.
If medical/dental students' curriculum/credits were required working in university-funded clinics more widely for training, practice, and cheap community charity, it could be used as a tool for lower income families to access a lower level of health care (even a cheaper one) that they otherwise wouldn't have a chance to receive.
medical school should be cheaper and more scholarships available. professors who teach in medical school should be paid more encouraging them to properly educate the students
improving the public's knowledge about how to stay fit
the hospital is just trying to make money so the person getting an operation should research for themselves if it is necessary for them to live
health care plans should be taught in high school. i have no idea about any aspect of it
nor a helicopter, you can't help that you're in critical condition
More useful everyday skills should be requirements to be taught in school. (Budgeting, balancing checkbooks, automotive, how to apply for jobs, writing resumes/cover letters, insurance, self-medical care, etc.)
Revising the FDA's "ideal" food pyramid is more than necessary. It becomes clearer and clearer to nutritionists that animal-derived products that contain such high fat, sodium, and added hormones do not improve human health. Less emphasis should be made on meat and dairy portions while vegetables and nuts should be considered more of main staples. (It is sadly not uncommon to come across a person who claims they "don't like", "hardly", or "almost never eat vegetables".) Some of the most common health problems are faced by Americans are heart conditions which can often in part be traced back to high meat and fat consumption.
Factory farms should become outlawed. If animal-derived products are to be consumed, it should overall be on a lesser scale and certainly without added hormones, cruelty, and filthiness of factory farms. For example, the average factory farmed chicken after hormones and antibiotics is fattened to multiple times what its natural weight would be. It eventually is forced to grow so large that its legs can no longer support its body. Studies have shown that the consumption of chickens like this have detrimentally affected the physical development of pubescent girls, causing them to start menstrual cycles as early as 8 years old and in addition, develop breasts early. At the very least, even if factory farms are not outlawed, the undercover investigations done about them should be broadcasted in news. PSAs should be developed to lessen usage of animal products or to promote vegetarianism for health.
everyone should receive some type of education some how on health care because I have no idea what it's about either
they should change the high school curriculum so that its more beneficial for students after graduation
  That would be great, it would be a win-win situation for the students because they get to practice and build more confidence in what they're doing, and the patients can benefit from receiving a service at a much lower cost than what is normally paid. 
more services for the elderly like "meals on wheels" when individuals come to the elderly home, give them their meal, and check on them
That's true, and after a short period of working they experience burnout and are not even doing their best in regards to properly caring for their patients.  They like the yearly salary, but working with people is truly not their thing. 
technology could play a major role in preventing illnesses, diseases, etc. it wont fully eliminate it, but it would probably reduce it
if anyone is sick, whether they have insurance or not, they should be able and have the right to receive emergency room services
anybody working with people, regardless if it's in a nursing home, hospital, doctor's office, etc., should make sure that that is what they truly want to do.  it is unfortunate that at times the people that you depend on to take care of a loved one, or even yourself, do not even like what they do, totally hate their job, and might even mistreat the patients.  what's the point of making good money while working in a place which does not suit you? 
changing the policy on having to pay a "co pay" when you go to the doctors
and somehow provide education on health care because there's hundreds of people who don't know anything about health care
it is amazing how there are simple cures for many illnesses, things that can be found in our homes, not in a pharmacy, can help us eliminate an illness.  modern medicines just mask the symptoms, the illness doesn't really go away. 
a lot of people lose sight of what the true goal (supposedly) of the medical field is, which is to help people.  all they think about is the yearly salary that they are going to make, the things that they are going to buy with that money, the prestige that comes with having a title such as Dr., etc. but when it comes time to work with the patients they may not even put a good effort to help them and this can lead to the patients suffering the consequences for their negligence.   
people who work should have more benefits than those who don't
doctors should spend more time with their patients. they usually see them for only a few minutes every day. I feel like some doctors only want to get their job done and do not care enough for their patients
schools should require flu shots so that there is a less likely chance for it to spread throughout campus
hand sanitizer dispensers available everywhere so the public can have easy access to them.
everyone should be able to maintain a healthy diet so that they will not risk heart disease, obesity, high blood pressure, etc.
universal healthcare would mean that we would have to pay more taxes
parents should be more responsible for the well being of their child. this means that they should have their children eat healthier foods and exercise daily to prevent being obese
we should not increase medicare because people on medicare depend too much on it.
more generic brands should be offered for prescriptions so that they will not cost as much.
It is important that we fund more on technology because it plays a big role in our health.
Some people do not know what their insurance covers so it is important that everyone should learn about it
Insurance companies sometimes scam their customers.
prescriptions are sometimes too expensive and some people cannot afford them
surgeries can cost up to hundreds of thousands of dollars and no average middle class American has that kind of money.
if people maintain a healthy diet and exercise on a daily basis, then there would be no need for extra medications
prescription drugs shouldn't be expensive, I think they are 10x the rate in the UK and Germany
Being in the hospital is also very expensive because prescription drugs are expensive, to come to the hospital because you're ill shouldn't cost an arm and a leg.
the American health care system is too expensive and people should be able to afford it and everyone should have a right to receive health care, it's like $100 more in the US than other countries such as France, Canada, and Spain.
there are many many people who don't know anything about the health care system and how it works, everyone should receive some type of education or knowledge about it.
I agree, I think all schools should require flu shots, that would help the situation very much.
everyone should receive the same amount of health care services, but the price of insurance and things like that should be determined by your income.
to make the American health care system fair, you should be able to pay for things according to your income.
a lot of food contains gmo's which are very harmful for our health.  a lot of illnesses originate due to the body's constant exposure to gmo's.  there should be more education in regards to proper nutrition and lifestyle.  when it comes to health, the government isn't always the one to go to for help because money controls everything, and food companies that produce products or raise livestock that contain gmo's are billion-dollar businesses that by law do not have to tell the consumer what they put in their products.  basically, they are protected from harm, even though they are the ones contributing to the general population's harm.
i agree, proper healthcare should start in the home.  the parents need to be educated as well though, because a lot of times they'll go by what they were taught and at times that is not correct.
that would help a lot of people because at times one still has to pay something for a medical procedure and paying something reasonable, in regards to their income, is more convenient than paying a price that is way more than what that person can make in years of working. 
spreading knowledge about what an individual can do in certain situations, can help save a life and also prevent unnecessary costs.  for example, there are instances in which accidents occur and even though bystanders may want to help the people involved, they may not know how to and by the time the paramedics arrive at the scene some of the people affected by the accident may be in a worse condition than what they already were.   
professionals that help people transition from the hospital to their homes should be well prepared and the doctors should listen to what they have to say in regards to the client's health, and whether discharging them from the hospital may be a good idea or not at the moment. 
if an individual, doctor or nurse, makes a medical error and it results in the death of a patient, that person should be punished heavily. the higher consequences would make the health care providers extra careful when treating patients
the way we get our meat supplies is unhealthy. more people should shop at farmers markets and buy organic foods
eat less sugars. once we quit craving something sweet it will be easier to eat healthy and more vegetables
mental institutes should feel more like home than a prison
medical school should not be as expensive so that more students can have an equal opportunity to go to school and come out not in so much debt :)
No person can be 100% perfect all the time. In these situations, I'm sure the people punish themselves more than any other outside factor could. Instead of "punishing heavily", why not focus on re-training instead of potentially losing heavily educated/trained hands in a hospital?
Create higher standards for meat and vegetable production. Actually enforce that these rules are stuck to with (most importantly) regular inspections. There are very few laws in place to protect animals that are aimed for slaughter. This affects everyone that supports the industry as well as the livestock. Shrinking factory farms to create more space for wheat/vegetables/greens that use less water, land, and financial resources would help with health, business expenses, product prices and deforestation.
Why not create free/cheap community classes for this? Think first aid/CPR/emergency preparedness classes held at schools, gyms, community centers, or church-type places. Maybe organizations like the Red Cross could teach them.
Yes!
some hospitals give care that is unnecessary for patients and therefore will make their hospital bill higher
children should be taught more on how to eat healthy and how it is going to benefit your health
patients should be informed of what their health care plan covers
preventive care is one of the most important focus on the issue. if you have a heart operation, it will cost thousands of dollars. however, if you manage to take care of your health and reduce the risk of heart disease, you will not have to spend that money
gym memberships should not be so expensive.
people are sometimes too lazy to go work out so it is important that we exercise daily to prevent the risk of heart disease.
everyone should keep track of how many calories they should consume in one day.
Emergency rooms sometimes provide unnecessary care for patients if they find out they do not have insurance.
health care providers should be paid well, along with good benefits.
I agree. Some people who do not work depend on medicare to provide for their healthcare needs while some who work do not get a lot of benefits. If we have health care services based on income, then this will improve the health care system.
