Have more research done on mental health
Long term health care should be easily accessible after your senior age
Financial support for shelters that deal with the aftermath of domestic violence, those in poverty, etc.
All in one insurance
What more can we do to help those affected with a mental health disorder
Pharmaceuticals that can be used for something illegal should be carefully distributed.
Emergency Room waiting area can make room for a doctor on floor, in case something happens.
Better technology provided in smaller clinics
Start educating children from a younger age then just having a one semester health class in high school.
Maybe starting when kids are in middle school and having not just a powerpoint lesson but instead a discussion on what could be done and how to prevent health risk and becoming pregnant at a young age
Instead of having doctors volunteer at the facilities and clinics that except no insurance why not pay doctors for there services still so maybe they will care more about the people they see that can not get insurance
Offering people with no insurance more places to go if an emergency occurred
Stop letting health care providers reject you just because you might be in bad health before getting a health care provider
Educate people on the different types of insurance
The government can set aside funding for research for incurable diseases
Stop making the wait so long for emergency room patients
Having people who have dealt with family members or children with mental health problems educate parents who might have just found out about it
Having more smaller clinics be able to provide the same technology like bigger clinics
Maybe making medicine cheaper for people who have no insurance
Make it to were everybody can afford insurance
Have the doctor look at the patients in the emergency room to see if the patient needs to be treated faster than others
Get educators for health to go around schools and teach kids and educate kids more if needed 
Do not just let the schools offer one aspect on safe sex make them talk about all the options
Increase taxes and use that money to provide universal healthcare
Research ways in detecting people who have a mental disorder early in the stage and treat them right away. This could prevent a lot of tragedies from happening.
Strict policies need to be enforced on doctors who prescribe highly addictive drugs to patients. They should have routine check on those patients and make sure they are not using the drugs out of context.
Develop diagnostic technologies that can detect a patient's illness precisely because a lot of the times doctors do multiple tests on patients that costs thousands of dollars. These tests can sometimes be deemed useless because they don't provide an answer to the problem.
Universal healthcare should be provided to only those who pay their taxes. As for the people who don't, there should be cheap alternatives that may not provide the same quality of care but get the job done.
A lot of the times, guidance counselors are not in touch with the girls at school about anything. Students need someone who will talk to them openly about safe sex, birth control, etc. Make the topic an open discussion and a not a taboo subject that is discussed only after the girl gets pregnant.
Adderol abuse in colleges is becoming a serious problem. Not to mention certain pharmaceuticals are the root of most illegal drugs being made in America today. Doctor's usually only get to see their patient once in situations where they diagnose, therefore they pass out prescriptions as a precautionary measure instead of actually reasoning if the patient truly needs the prescription. There needs to be discrete testing (i.e. personality tests or motor skills testing) that could be done in the waiting room or online before an appointment so the doctor can assess the results and have a better understanding of the patients true psychological, mental, or physical well-being before they're forced to diagnose the patient in one sitting.
Unless the person has a rare, or very severe problem, local Wal-marts, CVS pharmacy, or Walgreen's stores already provide very inexpensive generic medicines (both on the shelf and over the counter) with no insurance needed. However the biggest issue I see when it comes to medicine, is the big companies who patent their medicine when it's the only quality cure for a particular health problem. I'm usually not a person for government stepping into a business' business, but when that one company can charge ridiculous prices just because they're the only seller, there is a problem.
That sounds fine, however you cant tell an insurance company that they're "not allowed" to turn down anyone for any reason because the business would crash, and even if they're not allowed to turn down a customer because of health reasons, they'll just claim that the reason they turned them down was because of financial background, career, etc. If the government wants to have insurance company that doesn't turn people down because of health conditions, then they might as well set it up themselves. However, that federal dollar funded organization will probably suffer a significant loss in $$ similar to the US Postal Service.
The Health Care System right now is forcing too much upon the people and businesses as well. The main concern shouldn't be making every single person in American pay for every service that most will not use just so that a few can take advantage of it. The main concern should focus on helping the lower class who needs the services, obtain the standard of living that can provide them. Instead of throwing billions of tax dollars into food stamps and welfare checks, focus that money into creating the mass amounts of jobs that encourage the poor to get back on their feet, rather than giving to them handouts that encourage laying down.
Educating the young in middle and high school with actual programs to expand upon the potential risks of smoking, sex, and other health concerns could be very beneficial if funding went to having a good program set forth.
The health care system was built around helping your neighbor in a sense. In a group of ten people, one person might get six so the other 9 people would pay for a safety net if you will. One of the major problems is that our system doesn't account for a population boom, i.e. "Baby-Boomers". There are ways we can band aid the situation or make a temporary fix as in increasing the restrictions. This would restrict the health care given though, but it would give quality care to the ones that really need it. There are a lot of possibilities to "band-aid" the situation. However, to major fix the system we would have to get me details about the cost expenditures of the Healthcare system and it's sub-section. The current place we are at now is exhausting resources thus we are already restricting the health care system by this. The long term fix is going to come from preventative care i.e. technology and education. If we restrict the current health care system for awhile, there is no easy fix. Then we could make grants for study for colleges or firms to research the diseases, recovery rate, etc... This would give the incentive to invent new techniques to pre-screen patients for ailments then categories the patients in there system which could reduce the emergency room wait time. Another way is to spread out the load on the system thus you would need other places for the traffic to go. However this can be more costly because of upkeep cost and it would take time to build, but the long term effect is having clinics that can serve for the minor emergencies or non life threatening emergencies. The problem with this though is the people would have to know what the two are and how they are different. An example if your getting robbed you call 911, if you hear shots fired you call 911, but if you lose your wallet do you call 911? Thus, you would need education. Education would help reduce the work load through people going to where they are suppose to go for a given emergency, not to mention them themselves eating healthier, treating themselves better, etc...
Maybe provide therapy or counseling for parents or family members help deal with a loved one with mental illness so they are aware of what they can do to provide everything they need for their loved one.
Educate about the differences in mental illness and what types of mental illness there is. Many people assume that while schizophrenia is a mental illness but not ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) is not.
Provide more options for the lower class, middle class, and upper class to balance out what they can make out of what they have.
Educate children from middle school and forward about teen pregnancy and the challenges of having a child at such a young age means.
Provide a day care in more high schools now that there are higher risks of teen pregnancies.
Maybe in each school district have a school that provides daycare and while the teen is still in school.
Also have a guidance counselors for boys so they will know how to practice safe sex if chooses and let them be aware that sleeping with multiple partners could lead to risk of STDs and other things
Maybe if we start with educating the kids in schools then getting the parents involved that do not know the difference, so by the time the kids are adults they will hopefully be able to teach their kids the difference between the two
Also maybe put healthcare as a requirement for schools to teach the kids so kids could get an understanding on all aspects on how the healthcare works
The government has so many ways for people to freeload off of the benefits they provide. For instance, welfare checks for the unemployed and food stamps for people who don't make enough money to feed their family. Yes, these projects are important but we spend too much of our tax dollars funding them. The focus should be on healthcare because it is ridiculous, especially now, how much money people have to spend to receive treatment. Universal healthcare is definitely something that the government should look into and invest money in.
Spend research money on a cure all drug that is cheap and effective.
Limiting the covered operations of a given program.
True story, a man that couldn't afford an operation that was life threatening decided to do a crime(i think rob), he got arrested pleaded guilty and upon entering the criminal system was able to get his life saving operation. Also, I don't think universal healthcare would work in any way shape or form. It's good in a sense but if you put into practice, let's say Canada... Good luck not waiting for 8 months. (overreacting of course.)
We could ask the stars and hope aliens hear us. Then we could ask them for health care and not to mention the technology upgrade we would get because of it.
The benefits or welfare checks are supposed to be in effect for the person receiving it for certain amount of years, I think that's a max of 5 years to be in the program. I do think it should be harder for it to gain those benefits or put more guidelines and rules to keep getting welfare.
Putting more money into providing technology for hospitals and smaller clinics that help diagnosis patients faster.
But even if more money is put into technology, more money is wanted for everything else. It is as if we can't get one thing without losing another.
I think putting psychology or the study of the mind that is not biology be put into a required study in high school. During your high school years is when children decide they want to grow up, they start learning more about the outside life and what can happen. During the high school years, we face more problems with bullying of others because they are different. Why not provide a class and teach students about mental illness, because there are minor and major ones to talk about. And let the students be aware that the things they do can trigger something in someone, or you can help someone.
I think it should be easily accessible at any age. Especially to young children who have serious or even menial health problems.
I believe the gist of Obamacare is to utilize preventative care in the U.S. so that people won't be at risk for diseases they could have avoided simply by changing some aspects of their lifestyle. This should definitely be enforced in young students because the earlier you start teaching them about healthy diets and exercise, the more inclined they will be to practice them in reality.
Instead of having more schools eliminate recess hour maybe have teachers actually exercise with the kids and do organized games with the kids for 30min.
Instead of having the nasty stuff cafeteria serve have healthy pre-made lunches that are tasty
Have PE teachers teach about healthy food alternatives and have them show them fun ways they can exercise at home
When having the Holiday parties at school instead of the kids bring a lot of junk food have them bring healthy foods and a couple things that are junk food
Have workshops in the school that can help kids be active and think about the healthy alternatives while they are at home or even at school
Schools try to get the parents involved with healthy eating habits so when they get home they could do what they learned with there kids
When the kids have field day make it a healthy choice day too, so it shows that kids are having fun being active and making healthy choices
Making healthy foods more accessible instead of having one aisle in a grocery store or driving to whole foods that's too far away for some people
In grocery store have them show the healthy alternatives of the items they buy
An advertise program that has celebrities/professional sport players eating/drinking health food/drinks. Everyone takes in to consideration be it negative or positive about the ad and when they are shopping.
Have a TV show for kids and teach them how being healthy can be or then maybe a reverse image.
This is a good idea but it would be hard on some teachers. Maybe have like sections of classes/a hallway go to outside and play(out side of recess/lunch). Also some kids love recess, and some hate it...
Maybe having state ladders for healthy families and where they rank for life style/food choices etc... I know I'm naturally competitive and it could spark some to take another step onto a healthy path. The question would be how to make it competitive without the effect of feeling bullied if your at the lower end or behind someone.
