Doctors should be employ by hospital and not work with hospital on contract basis. Maintenance medications should be below $5.00 for a month supply Laws should be made to reduce the rate that medical providers are getting sued unless negligence is involved on the part of the medical provider. programs should be setup in order to educated the patient on how to effectively take their medications at home Programs should be setup in order to allow healthcare providers to followup with patient on regular basis to make sure that recurrence  of health problems are reduced. Pharmacist should not be allowed to work for very long hours in order to improve accuracy of pharmacist Very busy hospitals and retail pharmacist must employ adequate number of staff in order to avoid medical errors.  
A lot of laws should be made in order to protect the patients against insurance company. Laws should be made in order to allow doctors to spend more time with their patients. More stringent rules should be made to abide pharmaceutical companies and prevent them from over pricing medicine.
the cost of mediciations should be reduced, as we need medication for the smallest things.
the cost of visiting a doctor should be reduced. Office visit fees should either be taken off or reduced.
after seeing a doctor for your medical issues, there should be a onling 24-7 chat with either a doctor or a nurse. Or at least some sort of email so that the doctor can respond right away.
Some pharmacies charge an extra fee to order medication. Why is that? That shouldnt be needed.
Doctors should follow up not with only visits but also phone calls as some cannot afford a follow up visit.
The cost of x-rays should be reduced.
there should be a 24-7 clinic in every city. And they shouldnt charge extra just because it is one. Health is Health.
cost of emergency room bills shouldnt be 14,000 for just 1 day! thats ridicoulous.
More security systems and privacy should be added into offices of healthcare providers and hospitals.
I've heard in UK you get braces for free?! why cant US do that?
The first issue I belive to be the root problem would be the finiancial sector. The cost of medicine in this country is way overpriced for many citizens. The fact that medical insurance companies can have total control on how much to spend on an individual, this is bad for every citizen. So, I belive there should be a sort of saftey net that covers all citizens from fraud, protecting the consumer. If everybody is covered for the bare minimum of healthcare this would increase life expentecy in the United States.
insurance companies shouldnt have a miniumum deductible. whats the point of even having insurance then?
I agree, i feel that these companies get away with that stuff because they are not challenge. I think that the prices in the US for medication are not what they really are. In the UK the same medicine costs about half the price;if not more, in medication.
The cost of going to medical school should be reduced. There are many students who decide not to go into the medical field because of school costs. If the costs would change. we would have more doctors. Many people cannot afford such high costs. If we need more doctors then why not reduce the cost of medical school by some?
health is most important. there should be no reason why the prices of medicine need to be high. Theres other things that could be at a higher price but why medicine? Isn't that what it takes for us to survive in this world?!
Having medicaid and chips still isnt decently cheap or at a good price.
A government watch on the healthcare system would be nice. I don't belive that their is an actuall government entity that looks over healthcare in general. I know the FDA does oversee it somewhat, but i believe that section is the only part where government can't step in, just in case it goes south, or they're doing something illegal.
we pay a lot of money for doctors. The availability of them should increase.
Maybe a sort of government program every once in a while, where they'll give more money to MED students. To encourage more student enrollment. That would help, but under current circumstances the problem would be where to get that money.
the cost of lab reports, x-rays, pre screenings, all should be reduced.
I know some do that, but most don't, should they be forced, or maybe get nurses on their as well.
The cost of the techology should be helped, and reduced. one reason why healthcare is so expensive is that the machines that could save our lives, costs the hospitals millions of dollars, which in turn causes them to raise their cost to treat a patient.
I also say give more responsibilties to nurses. Let them take control sometimes, just as long as their properly trained. I know most nurses with an MBA can pretty much do everything doctors can do, except prescribe medicine.
We don't have universal healthcare,yet.
yeah, exactly. I hate how they're paid less than doctors. Usually its them doing more.
this is quite true, at times there are people who are in dire need of medications for a certain amount of time, but are unable to keep on purchasing them due to their high costs
a way in which money could be balanced out in the field of education would be dealing with the amount of money that a school is given. Schools are at times given large amounts in which to buy necessary things for its students, but blowing it on two thousand dollar computers isn't the answer. It could have easily have bought two to three times as many with that amount from a different brand.
because i'm pretty sure that they are paying higher taxes than we are
there are certain pharmaceuticals in which are given at high prices when a person's medical condition is pretty bad, such as medications for patients that are diagnosed with cancer. Prices range in the hundreds and only last for a couple of weeks up torwards a month. Its things like these that aught to be checked with, because whats the point of patients taking kemo-therapy if due to the high prices of the medication that they are suppose to take are unable to actually take them?
i can understand why hospitals tend to give a person a high amount in their bill. Alot of machines and medications are given so as to keep that person alive, but if only there were a way in which that amount could be reduced.
yes this is true, nurses tend to have years of knowledge and prep for this kind of work
More medical professional training. With the competitive and limited nature of nursing school, it becomes discouraging for those interested. If more and more nursing schools appeared, there would be more medical professionals as it pertains to nursing which would increase the volume. At the same time, that would cost more for people to stay, but with the principles of supply and demand, the more people that come in the hospital (not run away from the long emergency room lines) the less we'd have to pay for healthcare.
Limiting military healthcare. Many people take advantage of the "free" healthcare the military offers and go in for the slightest things such as a cough or a bruise, get medication they can buy at a drugstore. Also, some female spouses tend to pop out more babies because of the "free" healthcare.
Nurses to me already have a workload on them. They have a lot going on as it is. They do more in the sense that they're a caretaker. Doctors diagnose and such.
very true
We need to push more Nurse practitioners/Physician assistants before we push cheaper medical school. That is just how it is. Nurse practitioners do almost as much as a doctor would, yet it costs less to the hospital. The military healthcare system is shifting more towards to NP/PA route rather than doctors just due to the cost factor. It's cheaper to the hospital yet the NP/PA's get PAID.
Doctors really don't get paid as much as you'd think. Their salary is paying off their tuition for grad/med school as well as all the different types of insurance to cover them. On top of that, if they have a private practice, they have to pay for staffing and leasing the building and bill just on that- thus the reason they partner up. Eventually their salary pays off. But you get paid for the amount of work you put in. 12 years of school, you worked hard for that money so why strip it away? That's why it's not for everyone. If it were easy, everyone would be doing it.
Educationally wise, we need to push more nurse practitioners and physician's assistance.
The idea of universal healthcare is a good idea, however seeing how people "abuse" that liberty in the military sense (as far as dependents go) if that was more widespread, it wouldn't be good for our economy.
Finding a way for medication to be available at little to no cost for those in a life or death situation even if it's a long term situation.
A huge portion of nursing is people skills. I feel that an interviewing portion of the nursing SCHOOL application process would weed out those who don't have people skills.
Providing health care seminars to encourage those to join the health care profession.
Take the government out of the Healthcare system ASAP.
Universal HealthCare sounds good if it were not for illegals using all of the resources.
In order to cut cost for health care for AMERICANS, we need to stop giving free health care to those who are here illegally, on visas, or those who come for a short time for education. We as Americans pay way to much for those who take advantage of our system that was put there for the Legal American people.
Keep doctors from always getting sued.
If the Government would stop giving money to companies that make these products and then turn around and sell them back to the government for a huge amount of money. This would save cost.
If tax payers fund the research than the Tax payer should benefit from research..
Have cross state lines insurance.
Laws are not the answer. It is holding the insurance company accountable, but since most politicians receive funds from these companies, it is hard to hold them accountable.
Make a Law stating that no politician should receive funds from donors who control insurance companies or any other companies for that matter.
In most cases there are.
Health care should not be provided to over weight people, drug addicts, prisoners, illegals, those who want an abortion, and those who are not willing to pay taxes. This would make people think about there health more than ever.
The primary healthcare problem that is facing the healthcare system of this country is cost. As a member of the committee, my main concern is how we can generate ways to reduce the cost and at the same time still maintain high quality healthcare practice.   To me, preventive medicine would be a one of the primary areas we could reduce healthcare cost. "prevention is better than cure" to me is true in many aspects because a lot of health complications we have among our patients could have been prevented. For Example, it would cost less than $50.00 to get a flu shot but treating a flu patient would cost over $200.00 for patients who do not have insurance.  
That's what the current healthcare bill will do. Since its so expensive,which its not , most hospitals will have to reduce their prices because the government is stepping in. The prices are overly overpriced and should not be, the cost of chemo in other developed countries, is much lower than here in the US.
That problem deals with lobbying, or legal corruption, get rid of it and you'll see way more passionate people in office.
I agree to a point but, the reason its so expensive in the US is because the healthcare system has been virtually unwatched. The insurance companies have basically created an oligarchy which they all agree on a certain price for everything, which in return they all gain money. A flu shot in the UK is 10 dollars. The drastic influx of prices in the US is criminal, government needed to step in, just like when the government took down monopolies.
There should be a limit on how far, or how many times you can see a doctor. I know medicaid, only covers until a certain amount, pass it and you have to pay out of pocket. Make a limit well known and more people will use it wisely. however there is always people who abuse the system, the exact percentage would be unknown for obvious reasons.
I agree with preventative healthcare which also means some kind of workshop or information going out regarding how to prevent it. Things like cancer, however aren't as preventative (with the exception of maybe lung cancer or cancer brought on by a certain habit.)
I personally don't see how the government stays out of healthcare. If the government doesn't somewhat regulate it, then who will?
I honestly think in the financial sense, we'll have to use money to make money. We have research for a reason but research needs funding. Once this research hits a breaking point, then is where I think the cost of healthcare will go down. Until then, I find it difficult to think that it'll just go down automatically and everyone's health will be better.
I personally think that education is where a lot of these issues can end. If we start kids young learning good habits...
Due to the shortage of health care providers, I think that continuing education is a huge implementation to continue with because it forces those providers to stay up to date and knowledgeable.
More services available to legal low-income families.
Providing natural alternative ways for medical issues (not including hemp).
Refusal of healthcare is tricky because once someone refuses healthcare, say if they got in a car accident, the unknown trauma can effect them later. So maybe having some sort of consultation regardless can possibly reduce long-term effects.
If were asking to eliminate fraud then the government needs to step out of the equation. The government allows those who are in America illegally to receive care, which in turns makes prices go up. But since the govenment basically decides what it deams fraudulent then prices will never go down.
If you smoke- than you cannot receive healthcare for any known affects that smoking causes. If you became obese- You should not receive healthcare for known affects that obesity causes. If you will not find a job than healthcare should not be admitted to you. If you get pregnant before the age of 21 you should not receive healthcare. If you are here illegal, you should not receive healthcare. IF you are here for school only, you should not receive healthcare. All of these including more would make the cost of healthcare to go down.
If someone refuses healthcare than we all should respect that individuals right.
Funding mostly comes from the GOVERNMENT which really means TAXPAYERS, yet when the research is done, the companies who received all this funding then charges the TAXPAYERS outrageous prices. IF it comes from private funding than we have no say to what they can charge.
Regulation yes, determining who should receive a type of healthcare then no.
This current healthcare bill will do nothing of the sorts. Individual prices have soared.
In some sense I believe specialized care is key. At the same time, when you have 5 doctors in one room for a single patient, it's ridiculous/.
Emergency room services already have a priority system as it is, but I think that there should be an acute ER as well because when someone comes in with a head injury (possible concussion) or a fever...they're left there for a good 15-30 minutes because it may not seem like an emergency at the moment. Don't let a trauma 1 victim come in, because then everyone will be pushed back.
I honestly think that medications should be universally cheaper, especially for those who are on a fixed income. Even if it's the generic kind.
I don't feel it's fair to those who are elderly and/or impaired can't afford a knee replacement or other related injuries to have to suffer. I think there should be some way that they are able to get the assistance they need.
I love the idea that more places are transitioning to Electronic Medical Records (EMR) because it helps keep records more secure. I worked/volunteered at an office and I was able to just widely see the patient's information when I was putting paper work in. The only downside is the reliability of technology when computers act up at times.
I think there should be mandatory yearly mental health screenings (just as there are required shots) just because that's not something you usually think about.
Affordability, quality and accessibility are some of the characteristics of a good healthcare system. Quality;          Quality is one of the most important property of any healthcare system. In order to practice a great quality healthcare system, health practitioners (doctors, dentists, nurses, pharmacist..... e.t.c)  must be well trained. This training might include educational learning like in medical schools and the ability to operate all kinds of tools, soft wares, and equipments needed to carryout their respective roles. This training should also include social skills like interpersonal skill, empathy, communication skills and critical thinking skills. Also, in order to provide better healthcare, healthcare facilities must be well equipped, easily accessible, and up to date in terms of modernization. Accessibility;      Apart from having a quality healthcare system, patients must be accessible to the quality care that is available whether they can afford it or not. To me I don't think that any thing wards someone's life; no matter their race, religion or ethnicity. I personally think it is very wrong to turn somebody down because they can not afford to pay. It is sad that a lot of people are being refused of prescription at the pharmacy because they can not pay for it and at the same time we can really blame those people in the pharmacy business.  I think the whole problem is systematic that every angle has a component to contribute to the healthcare problems we have.    
For one how  is the private sector going to do anything better. The people receiving the care, cannot hold the private sector accountable. Yet, you can always challenge the government when it does something wrong, its called supreme court cases. Second, it is inhumane to not give somebody healthcare because they are not a citizen of the US. Third it is the private companies that set the the price, the private sector is only concerned with profit, which in turn means worst financial strain on the care receiver.
That is one part of the healthcare system that neglects. For some reason,people seem to think it dosent really matter when psychologist constantly say it is.
Neglecting health care to anybody is immoral and also illegal according to human rights and,The UN. Doctors can't have prejudices, when treating a patient,no matter who they are. If a doctor denies you treatment, it is also against their code of ethics as well as the law.
